use one or a combination of asparagus broccoli carrots cauliflower celery mushrooms onions string beans  . cook vegetables drain well and chop into small pieces  . use within minutes or refrigerate them  . place broth in a saucepan and bring to a simmer over moderate heat  . place flour dry milk and melted margarine in a small bowl and mix well to form coarse crumbs  . stir the flour mixture into the simmering broth using a wire whip  . or add the flour mixture to cold broth cook and stir over moderate heat to form a sauce  . cook and stir over moderate heat until mixture is smooth and the starchy taste is gone  . add the vegetables to the sauce and reheat to serving temperature  . taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper  . nutritive values are based on the use of commercial broth with no added salt  . serve hot  . makes cups  . cup serving cal skim milk fat exchange grams carbohydrate grams protein grams fat mg sodium  . low sodium diets use fresh or frozen vegetables cooked without salt low sodium broth and salt free margarine  . do not add salt  . low cholesterol diets may be used as written  .
boil all ingredients except creme de menthe and ice cream  . when pineapple is clear add creme de menthe  . let cool and make parfaits in the usual manner alternating sauce and ice cream  .
. allow potatoes to stand at room temperature to minutes after baking  .  . cut a thin slice from the top of each potato  . caution potato will be hot  .  . with a spoon remove the potato pulp from each potato leaving a thin shell  .  . mash potato pulp with a fork or potato masher  .  . add butter milk egg salt pepper and cheese  . whip potato mixture with a rotary beater or electric mixer until light and fluffy  .  . spoon mixture into shells and sprinkle with paprika  .  . place potatoes on a paper plate and heat uncovered in microwave oven minutes  .  . if desired after cooking in microwave oven potatoes may be placed under the broiler unit of a conventional oven to brown for a few minutes  . transfer from paper plate before browning  .
. combine sugar flour ginger salt water mustard soy sauce vinegar and garlic in small bowl  . add chicken  . refrigerate for minutes  .  . heat tablespoon of oil in a large beef or wok over medium high heat  . with a slotted spoon remove chicken from marinade to beef reserve marinade  . stir fry chicken for minutes or just until chicken is cooked through  . remove chicken to plate to keep warm  . wipe out beef with paper toweling  .  . heat remaining tablespoon of oil in same beef over medium heat  . add green onion stir fry for minute  . add snow peas and red pepper stir fry for minutes  . pour reserved marinade into beef  . bring to boiling  . add chicken to beef cook stirring for minutes or until the sauce is bubbly and thickened  .
lb venision sliced super thin bottle liquid smoke c black pepper c seasoned salt c dry onion powder ds lemon pepper ds paprika tb garlic powder ds cayenne pepper use a large container with lid  . mix all ingredients vary spice to your taste  . add meat  . shake well  . refrigerate hours shaking often  . spread in dehydrator  . this takesusually about hours  .
for cake preheat over to degrees  . grease round cake pan line with parchment  . finely grind pecans with flour in food processor using on off turns  . using electric mixer beat yolks with cup sugar until slowly dissolving ribbons form when beaters are lifted  . using clean dry beaters beat whites with cup sugar until soft peaks form  . fold half of whites into yolk mixture  . fold in pecans  . fold in remaining whites  . fold cup batter into butter  . fold back into batter  . pour into prepared pan  . bake until cake is springy to touch about minutes  . cool minutes in pan  . invert cake onto rack and cool completely  . wrap tightly  . refrigerate at least hours  . for syrup cook sugar and water in heavy sauce pan until sugar dissolves swirling pan occasionally  . bring to boil  . cool  . stir in liqueur  . for crust finely grind pecans with flour in processor  . using electric mixer beat butter with sugar until light and fluffy  . beat in egg  . gently fold in pecan mixture  . gather into ball  . wrap in plastic  . refrigerate at least hours  . preheat oven to degrees  . butter baking sheet  . roll dough out on lightly floured surface to thickness of  . cut out one round  . using cactus or leaf shaped cutter cut out cookies from remaining dough  . transfer to prepared sheet  . pierce round  . bake until golden minutes for round and minutes for cookies  . for panache bring cream to boil in heavy saucepan  . remove from heat  . add chocolate and stir until melted and smooth  . blend in liqueur  . cool to room temperature  . for buttercream using electric mixer beat butter powdered sugar shortening and liqueur until light and fluffy  . heat whites and sugar in double boiler over gently simmering water until sugar dissolves and candy thermometer registers degrees  . remove from over water  . using clean dry beaters beat until whites are stiff but not dry  . blend whites into butter mixture  . to assemble split cake into layers  . set pecan crust on platter  . using spatula beat panache until slightly thickened  . spread onto crust  . top with cake layer  . brush with syrup  . cover with about cup buttercream  . top with second cake layer  . brush with syrup  . spread with of panache  . top with third layer  . brush with syrup  . spread with of panache  . frost top and sides of cake with remaining buttercream  . spoon remaining of panache into pastry bag fitted with star tip  . pipe rosettes around edge of cake  . top each with cookie  . serve at room temperature  .
drain off exces liquid from the cucumbers combine with the sugar vinegar oil salt  . crush the za atar between your fingertips sprinkle over the cucumbers  . mix well with two forks then chill  . decorate with olives before serving  . an herb found only in the mediteranean similar to marjoram which may be sustituted for it  . or use thyme or oregano or a mixture of all three  .
sm portobello mushroom caps inch c seasoned flour egg slightly beaten with sl fresh mozzarella cheese tb milk c finely chopped mild herbs c fine bread crumbs tb chiffonade basil salt and pepper preheat the fryer  . season each mushroom and slice of cheese with salt and pepper  . sandwich the slices of mozzarella cheese between two portobello caps  . mix the herbs with the bread crumbs and season with essence  . dredge each sandwich in the seasoned flour  . dip the sandwich in the egg wash removing any excess  . dredge the sandwich in the herb bread crumbs  . fry each sandwich for minutes or until the sandwich is golden brown  . remove from the fryer and drain on a paper lined plate  . season with essence  . yield sandwiches
combine rub ingredients  . rub evenly over surfaces of rib roast  . place roast in preheated oven fat side up on rack in shallow roasting pan  . do not cover or add water  . insert meat thermometer in thickest part of roast not touching bone or fat  . remove roast from oven when thermometer reaches desired doneness see chart below  . let stand tented with foil for min  . before carving  . roast temperature will rise degrees while standing  . serves  . beef rib roast lb  . in degree oven remove when meat temperature reaches degrees f med rare minutes per lb  . degrees f medium minutes per lb  . beef rib eye roast lb  . in degree oven remove when meat temperature reaches degrees f med rare minutes per lb  . degrees f medium minutes per lb  . cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from texas beef council http www txbeef www.txbeef.org
blend first ingredients in processor to dry paste stopping frequently to scrape down sides of work bowl  . paste can be prepared days ahead  . cover and chill  . heat oil in medium nonstick beef over med high heat  . add rounded t spice paste stir minute  . add fish and cook minutes turning occasionally with tongs  . add coconut milk and clam juice and simmer until fish is cooked through turning occasionally about minutes  . transfer fish to plate  . boil liquid until reduced to thick sauce about minutes  . season with salt  . return fish to sauce and heat through  . sprinkle with cilantro  . serve over rice  . from bon appetit june  . mm format by mike kean  .
yield to servings  . grease inch bundt pan with tablespoon of butter  . sprinkle with cup hazelnuts and set aside  . mix winekraut with cranberry juice and set aside  . place butter in large bowl and beat in sugar and cream until fluffy  . add eggs one at a time mixing well after each  . add vanilla  . sift dry ingredients together and add to batter  . stir in apples cranberries remaining cup of nuts and the winekraut mixture  . mix well  . pour batter into prepared pan and bake at for hours or until cake tester inserted in center of cake comes out clean  . remove from oven and cool on wire rack in pan for at least minutes  . run knife along edge of cake to loosen then invert onto a serving plate  . when cake is completely cool drizzle with rosy glaze mix tablespoons cranberry juice and cup powdered sugar to drizzle consistency  . cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from oregon hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board
topping in small bowl combine cup flour pecans and brown sugar  . with pastry blender or knives cut in tablespoons butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs set aside  . crust preheat oven to f f. grease square baking pan  . in small bowl combine cup flour and granulated sugar  . with pastry blender or knives cut in cup butter until mixture resembles fine crumbs  . press into prepared pan  . bake minutes until set but not brown  . spread with jam  . top with nestle toll house milk chocolate morsels and topping  . bake minutes longer until top is lightly browned  . cool completely cut into squares  . makes squares  .
rub fillets with cut lemon both sides  . roll in mixture of corn meal and seasonings  . pour inch oil in large beef and place over medium heat  . fry fillets until brown and crisp on both sides about minutes overall  . suggestions spice up with tabasco sauce sprinkled on with the lemon  . recipe date
. brown the meatcubes in the butter shortly add onions and leeks and saute shortly  . put all in casserole dish  . . add the carrots and the broth season with salt and pepper cover pepper.cover and simmer for minutes  . . add the vegetables cut up and simmer another minutes  . translated by brigitte sealing cyberealm bbs watertown ny
in medium nonstick beef heat oil  . add next ingredients and stir fry minutes  . add chicken broth stirring until smooth  . add chicken and applesauce cook minutes more  . add rice and cup water to pan simmer covered minutes stir times until rice is cooked  . remove from heat stir in yogurt  . each serving provides fa fr p b c per serving cal g pro g car g fat g poly g mono g sat mg sod mg chol
stir constantly while marshmallows melt and mix with melted margarine and oil mixture  . do not allow this to boil just melt over low heat  . mix into popped corn mixture  . press into greased tube pan  .
directions or scallops and an equal amount of any white fish  . or more scallops if you like  . clean the scallops and cut in half then simmer in the milk for minutes  . strain reserving the liquid  . heat tablespoon of the butter and stir in the flour cook for about a minute stirring then add the milk gradually stirring all the time to avoid lumps  . season with salt and pepper add the sliced mushrooms and simmer for about minutes longer then add the sherry or water and finally the scallops  . when hot transfer to an ovenproof dish and cover with mashed potatoes making sure they cover the fish right to the edges  . dot with the remaining butter and bake in a moderate oven f for minutes or until the top is turning brown  .
put potatoes into colander and press out juices  . cook beef and keep the fat  . vegetarians omit meat  . combine potatoes beef onion and hot beef fat and pour into a x inch baking dish  . pour milk over top  . pour on egg and sour cream  . salt and pepper to taste  . bake at degrees for hour or until light brown on top  . serve immediately or let flavors blend overnight  .
beat whipping cream in chilled bowl until stiff  . mix sugar egg yolks and vanilla until smooth fold into whipped cream  . serve immediately or refrigerate up to hours  .
trim crust and roll bread with a rolling pin  . brush on side with melted butter  . turn over and on unbuttered side place spoonful of shrimp mix  . roll up  . place seam down on cookie sheet  . bake at degrees for minutes  . if you make ahead of time and freeze it would be best to let them thaw a few minutes then cook at degrees for minutes  .
combine mayonnaise onion dill cappers horseradish and pepper  . trim crusts from bread spread with butter then mayonnaise mixture  . arrange salmon and cucumber over slices of bread  . top with remaining bread cut each sandwich into triangles or squares  .
melt butter in heavy large beef over medium head  . add shallots and saute until soft  . add mushrooms increase heat to high and cook until mushrooms are very lightly browned  . add cream and boil two minutes  . stir in peas and cook about seconds  . reduce heat to low blend in beef cheese and fettuccine and toss until heated well combined and sauce clings to pasta  . season to taste  . serve immediately  .
melt butter over moderate heat in a medium stockpot or dutch oven  . cook onion with salt and pepper until soft about minutes  . stir in sorrel and cook over moderate heat uncovered about minutes  . stir occasionally so the sorrel is evenly cooked  . add half and half water and tabasco pepper sauce  . bring to a boil and remove from heat  . puree in a blender until smooth and strain through a medium sieve  . stir in lemon juice adjust with salt and pepper and refrigerate a minimum of hours or to serve immediately chill in bowl rested in another bowl of iced water  . serve cold  . yield servings tamales world tour show wt a
heat oven to degrees  . melt caramels with cup of the milk in heavy saucepan over low heat stirring frequently until smooth  . set aside  . mix remaining milk cake mix and margarine or butter in large bowl  . press of the cake mixture onto the bottom of x inch baking pan  . bake min  . sprinkle cup of walnuts and cup of chips over crust top with carmel mixture spreading to edges of pan  . top with teaspoons of remaining cake mixture press gently into carmel mixture  . sprinkle with remaining cup walnuts and cup chips  . bake min  . cool cut into bars  . recipe from kraft ceative kitchens
preheat the oven to degrees f f. press the cottage cheese through a sieve and drain  . in a large mixing bowl combine the butter sugar and the egg yolks  . beat until foamy then add the cornstarch milk water cheese lemon rind and raisins blending well  . beat the egg whites until they from soft peaks then gently fold them into the cheese mixture  . pour the mixture into the prepared crust and bake for minutes or until the edges are golden brown  . cool and serve at room temperature  .
sliced inch thick prepare the dough place warm water in a small bowl add yeast and sugar stir until dissolved set aside for minutes  . add cornmeal whole wheat flour and salt beat to combine  . gradually add white flour stirring with a wooden spoon until dough is stiff  . transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic  . brush dough on all sides with olive oil and place in an oiled bowl  . cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise until double in bulk about hour  . punch dough down if dough is sticky knead in a small amount of flour  . makes enough dough for four inch pizzas  . basic grilling instructions prepare a charcoal fire  . when coals are medium hot flatten pizza dough on an oiled surface to form a inch round that is about inch thick  . gently lift dough and drape over grill surface just above the coals  . within a minute the dough will cook and brown  . as soon as the underside is crisp and grill marks appear pull the dough off the grill with tongs and flip over to the edge of the grill away from direct heat  . quickly brush cooked surface with olive oil add toppings  ... topping parmesan pepper and prosciutto evenly distribute parmesan and bel paese cheeses over surface of grilled and oiled pizza dough  . spoon tomato sauce over cheese  . scatter red pepper and prosciutto over sauce  . continue with final grilling instructions  ... topping tomato olive jalapeno and mozzarella topping evenly distribute garlic on grilled and oiled pizza dough  . sprinkle with cheese and spoon tomato sauce evenly over surface  . cover surface with mozzarella slices and scatter jalapeno peppers over surface  . continue with final grilling instructions  ... final grilling instructions drizzle surface of pizza with tablespoons olive oil  . slide pizza back toward source of heat  . rotate frequently with tongs until underside is brown and topping is bubbly hot  . serve at once  . from johanne killeen and george germon of al forno and lucky s restaurants providence rhode island
slice cheese as thin as possible  . slice tomatoes  . on large platter arrange alternate slices of cheese and tomatoes  . sprinkle with basil  . dressing combine vinegar salt pepper and olive oil and drizzle over tomatoes and cheese  . let marinate at room temperature for up to hour before serving  . make this only when tomatoes are in season
make pastry and set aside  . marinate chicken in ounces brandy for or hours  . in a small bowl thoroughly mix ground beef ounces brandy salt and pepper  . roll of pastry dough and floured wooden board to inch thick  . line bottom and sides of loaf pan with rolled pastry shell  . there should be about inch of extra dough on top of sides  . layer half of beef on the bottom of the pan  . then layer all of chicken and pour marinade on top  . next layer all of sliced beef  . then cover beef with rest of beef  . roll remainder of pastry to inch thick and cover top of pan  . crimp edges to seal  . beat egg and rush top of pastry with it  . see part for more  .
saute eggplant in t olive oil until soft reserve saute onion garlic celery add remaining ingredients water if needed simmer real black olives are the ones that are black because they are ripe rather than being turned black with ferrous gluconate
heat the margarine in a saucepan until melted  . add the dates and continue to heat until softened  . remove from the heat and stir in the granola and dry milk  . cool and roll into balls then roll the balls in the nuts  . store in the refrigerator until serving time  . serve at room temperature  . serve this the next time someone cries i m starved  .
for poached chicken c dry white water or chicken broth ts thyme ts salt ts black pepper skinless boneless chicken breast halves about lb  . for fresh salsa md tomato chopped sm avocado chopped c fresh cilantro leaves finely chopped c finely chopped walnuts jalapeno pepper seeded and minced sm onion minced tb lemon juice ts salt c poaching liquid as noted note collect poaching liquid from rice bowl after cooking chicken or use tablespoons each of poaching liquid and olive oil or each chicken broth and oil  . this recipe uses ablack and decker steamer  . adapt to your steamer  . fill steamer base with water to hi fill line  . position steaming bowl  . combine water or chicken broth thyme salt and black pepper in rice bowl  . stir to blend seasonings  . add chicken breast cutlets with thickest pieces toward sides of rice bowl  . position cover and steam for minutes or until done  . while chicken is cooking combine tomato avocado cilantro walnuts jalapeno peppers onion lemon juice and salt mix well  . transfer chicken cutlets to a bed of rice if desired  . stir cup poaching liquid from rice bowl or poaching liquid and olive oil into salsa  . top breast cutlets with fresh salsa and serve immediately  . pass remaining poaching liquid if desired  . makes servings cutlet about cup salsa each  . this recipe snared on the web http www blackanddecker www.blackanddecker.com pat h  . mcrecipe posted oc
place all ingredients as listed in blender on high speed until smooth minutes  . transfer to top of double boiler and cook over gently boiling water stirring often for to minutes or until thickened and smooth  . once more put mixture back through blender seconds or till smooth using high speed  . refrigerate in covered container hours before using  . keep refrigerated months  . source gloria pitzers make alike recipes  .
cook onions in bouillon until soft  . add remaining ingredients  . bring to boil cover simmer to min  . makes cups  . cal per c  . fat trace  .
preheat oven f f. butter flour springform pan w sides  . melt bitter semisweet chocolate butter unsweetened chocolate in heavy saucepan over med low heat stir constantly til smooth  . pour into bowl cool slightly  . add sugar yolk almonds whisk til smooth  . using electric mixer beat whites in large bowl til stiff but not dry  . fold whites into batter in additions  . pour batter into prepared pa pa. bake til top is dry begins to crack tester comes out w moist crumbs attached min  . transfer to rack cool min  . press down gently on top of cake to even edges  . cool completely  . bring cream butter to simmer in saucepan  . reduce heat add both chocolates stir til smooth  . let stand til cool but pourable hr  . invert cake onto tart pan bottom or cardboard round  . place cake on rack over cookie sheet  . pour glaze over cake spreading w spatula to coat top sides  . refrigerate til glaze sets hr  . can be made day ahead keep refrigerated  . let stand hrs  . at room temp before serving  . transfer to platter  . garnish  . source bon appetit mar pp
cook sugar oleo and milk until thick  . remove from heat and add pecans and coconut  . pour over hot cake  .
watercress can be substituted pat steaks dry brush with tsp  . olive oil and grill over medium hot coals  . use remaining tsp  . of olive oil to coat the bottom of a beef  . saut onion and garlic with salt and pepper until onion is translucent and garlic has begun to color  . add tomatoes cook until they begin to glisten  . add arugula tossing to blend  . adjust salt and pepper serve over grilled fish  . nutritional information per serving protein grams carbohydrates  . grams fat grams calories sodium mg mg. cholesterol mg  . exchanges vegetable lean meat
this tasty dish uses less sugar salt and fat  . recipe includes diabetic exchanges  . in a large saucepan cook corn in enough boiling water to cover for minutes or until tender  . drain cool and set aside  . in a large bowl mix the oil vinegar lemon juice parsley sugar salt if desired basil and cayenne pepper  . cut cooled corn off the cob should measure cups  . add corn tomatoes onion and peppers to the oil mixture  . mix well  . cover and chill for several hours or overnight  . yield servings  . diabetic exchanges one serving without added salt equals starch vegetable fat also calories mg sodium cholesterol gm carbohydrate gm protein gm fat  .
preheat oven to degrees  . remove and discard stem ends of the squash  . slice the squash lengthwise scoop out seeds and place the halves side by side on a baking sheet  . combine remaining ingredients in a mixing bowl  . fill the hollows in the squash evenly with the cheese mixture  . bake minutes or until squash is tender  . serve immediately  .
. combine all ingredients adding potatoes or yams last  . . turn mixture into greased ovenproof beef bake in preheated f f. oven minutes or until done  . . when cool slice as you do cake  .
cut up broiler fryer chicken  . if using can of okra drain it well  . rub lemon juice over chicken pieces  . put in a large kettle with chicken broth or water  . bring to a boil  . lower heat and cook slowly covered minutes  . add remaining ingredients and continue to cook slowly about minutes until chicken and rice are tender  . remove chicken pieces and debone  . cut meat into small pieces and return to kettle  . serves to  .
. melt butter in beef cook chicken about minutes or until tender  . remove from pan  . . drain veg all and add liquid to pan juices with chicken broth  . . combine light cream and flour add to liquid in pan  . cook and stir until thickened stir in mustard  . . heat vegetables and cooked noodles in a little of the sauce  . . heat chicken in remaining sauce and serve over vegetable mixture  .
bring quarts water to boil and add tablespoons salt  . in a to inch saute pan mash together gorgonzola and butter until smooth  . add grappa and simmer minutes  . place gnocchi in water and cook at low boil until they float  . drain well and toss into pan  . toss over medium heat add asiago and chives pour into warmed bowl and serve  . yield servings molto mario show mb d
combine all ingredients in a pot and bring to a rol ling boil  . cook for about minutes until thick  . stir occasionally  .
combine all except nuts and parsley  . shape into a log and roll in the nut mixture  . serve with crackers  .
beat egg whites until stiff but not dry  . add the sugar slowly beating constantly  . beat egg yolks until thick and lemon colored add remaining sugar gradually continuing to beat until stiff enough to hold a soft peak add grated lemon rind and juice  . fold gently into egg whites  . combine flour and salt and fold quickly but lightly into egg mixture  . line large shallow x inch pan with paper pour in batter and bake in a degree oven for mintues being careful not to overbake it  . turn onto a clean towel well sprinkled with confectioners sugar  . remove paper and trim off crusts  . roll lifting end of towel nearest you  . wrap in towel and cool  . unroll spread with whipped jelly and roll again  . serves  . randy rigg the pinnacle club bbs
cook the macaroni in plenty of salted water until tender to minutes drain minutes.drain and cool under cold running water prepare water.prepare the white sauce and while still hot toss all but two tables  . of it with the macaroni mustard cayenne cheddar salt and pepper turn pepper.turn into a large buttered casserole and top with the munster cheese p cheese.p bake in a preheated deg oven deg.oven for minutes or until the top is crusty and brown spread brown.spread the remaining tables  . white sauce over the top cover top.cover with a layer of parmesan cheese mixed with the breadcrumbs dab breadcrumbs.dab with the butter return butter.return to the oven for more minutes place minutes.place under high broiler for minute to brown the top and serve immediately makes immediately.makes servings  ...  .
mash peach mixture and sugar with a potato masher and divide equally among soda glasses  . add t cream or milk and scoops ice cream to each glass  . fill glasses with seltzer or sparkling water  . martha stewart living feb feb. march scanned fixed by di and gary
the pears should be pared and thinly sliced  . there should be about combine the cornstarch ginger and salt in a large bowl  . add the corn syrup melted butter lemon juice and lemon rind stirring until smooth  . add the pears and toss until well coated with the corn syrup mixture  . arrange the mixture into the unbaked pie shell  . prepare the almond topping and sprinkle over the pears  . bake in a preheated degree f f. oven for minutes then reduce the heat to degrees f f. and bake an additional minutes or until the topping and crust are golden brown  . cool on a wire rack  . almond topping combine the flour brown sugar and ginger in a bowl  . cut in the butter using a pastry blender until crumbly  . stir in the almonds  .
in plastic bag mix together garlic powder chili powder paprika and flour add chicken and turn to coat  . in large nonstick frypan place olive oil over medium high heat  . add chicken and cook turning about minutes or until fork can be inserted with ease  . drizzle hot sauce over chicken toss to coat set aside  . in medium bowl mix together onion cucumber and ranch dressing  . inside each bun place lettuce leaf and top with chicken and celery spoon onion cucumber mixture on top  . sprinkle with bleu cheese  . typed by jessann
information file rub your beef which should be of fine grained well fed beef when quite cold with fine salt to which add a little red pepper and half a pinto of molasses  . let it remain in the pickle basting and turning it for six weeks  . then hang it up and smoke for six weeks  . about the first week in april take it down wash it in cold water and rub it over with unleached ashes  . if you have any number of hams let them lie for a week heaped together then hang them in a cool room having sewn them in canvass or old cotton covers  . origin the canadian settler s guide written in
mix half and half and poppy seed  . let stand minutes  . place poppy seed mixture in blender or food processor  . add remaining ingredients  . cover and blend on medium speed or process about minutes or until completely mixed  . cover and refrigerate at least hours or until thoroughl chilled  . servings about cup each calories per serving  .
soaked in warm water for minutes drained and minutes and drained or i tsp  . grated lime zest unlike most other thai curries jungle curry is made without coconut milk because coconuts don t grow in the jungles of northern thailand  . the curry paste is hot and full of flavor  . kaffir lime leaves give this curry its distinctive and enticing flavor but if they are not available you can substitute grated lime zest  . cut beef in half lengthwise and cut into inch thick slices  . set aside  . in a large nonstick beef or wok heat oil over medium high heat  . add garlic and stir fry for minutes or until browned  . add curry paste and cook for seconds pressing it against the sides and bottom of the beef or wok  . add beef and stir fry for to minutes or until light brown  . add stock and bring to a boil  . add eggplant beans fish sauce krachai if using and lime leaves or zest and cook for to minutes or until the vegetables are tender  . if using lime leaves discard them  . remove from heat and stir in basil  . serve with sticky rice  . serves as a main dish or in combination with other dishes  . calories for each of servings g protein g fat g carbohydrate mg sodium mg cholesterol  .
combine ingredients to make a stiff dough  . roll out on board dusted with ground cinnamon  . cut with cookie cutters of your choice  . put hole in top for string  . lay out flat to dry  . turn over every hours until completely dry  .
sift all dry ingredients cut oil into flour until mixture resembles coarse cornmeal  . store well covered in cool dry place  . makes cups  . use just like you would bisquick or pancake mix  .
lb beef country style ribs oz can tomato paste c brown sugar packed c frozen orange juice concentrate thawed tb red water vinegar tb mustard tb worcestershire sauce ts pepper cut ribs into rib portions  . for sauce combine remaining ingredients mix well  . place a large piece of foil over coals beneath grill to catch dri ings  . place ribs on grill about about inches above slow coals  . close hood of grill and cook about min  . turn ribs and cook covered min  . more  . brush ribs with sauce and cook covered min more min.more or until done turning and basting frequently with sauce  . watch carefully so ribs don t burn  .
prepare the couscous according to package directions  . in a large bowl combine the couscous tomato mint onion cucumber parsley lemon juice garlic cumin and coriander  . season to taste with pepper and salt  . from eat more weigh less by dean ornish typed by lisa greenwood from date
heat oven to  . mix all ingredients  . spread in ungreased loaf pan x x inches  . bake hours  .
beat the egg yolks and add the sugar and milk and stir into the rice  . add the butter and raisins  . pour into a buttered baking dish  . beat the egg whites until frothy add the powdered sugar and spread on top of rice pudding  . sprinkle lightly with nutmeg  . bake at f for minutes  . source pennsylvania dutch cook book fine old recipes culinary arts press  .
lg egg whites pn salt ts cream of tartar scant c granulated sugar
pack okra firmly into hot jars leaving inch head space  . put a garlic clove and half a pepper in each jar  . combine water vinegar salt and dill seed and bring to a boil  . pour hot liquid over okra leaving inch head space  . remove air bubbles  . adjust caps  . process minutes in boiling water bath  . yield about pints  . note when cutting hot peppers or seeding use rubber gloves to prevent burning hands  .
. dissolve the yeast and the sugar in cup warm water about degrees  . set aside for minutes until very foamy  . . stir in cup flour  . cover with plastic wrap and let this sponge proof in a warm place until tripled in volume and very bubbly about hours  . . into the yeast mixture add the remaining cup warm water t olive oil t regular salt parmesan and rosemary  . . add enough of the remaining flour to form a soft and workable dough  . knead on a lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic about minutes  . . oil a large bowl  . put the dough into the bowl cover loosely and let rise in a warm place until doubled in size about hours  . . sprinkle a baking sheet with the cornmeal  . divide the dough into parts and roll each into a circle about in  . in diameter  . place on the baking sheet  . use the tips of your fingers to make the dimples in the dough  . spoon a tablespoon of olive oil on each bread piece and sprinkle with the coarse salt and pepper  . . bake in a preheated f oven for minutes or until golden brown  .
mix dressing and sugar in large bowl  . add remaining ingredients mix lightly  . refrigerate  .
slice hot peppers into long strips  . mix cornstarch with cup water  . heat oil in a wok  . when hot add hot pepper fry for seconds  . slice fry sweet peppers in the same way  . add cubes of tofu  . drizzle in soy sauce add cornstarch mixture  . scatter the parsley over the top  . turn the heat up slightly cookk till sauce thickens  . serve hot  . madhur jaffrey world of the east vegetarian cookbook
steam mussels minutes  . dissolve saffron in warm water set aside  . melt butter add garlic onion carrot celery seasonings and soy sauce  . cover and simmer for minutes  . add water and water bring to boiling add fish  . reduce heat and simmer for minutes  . serve with toasted bread  . serves
combine strawberries and sugar and let stand minutes  . bring to a boil and simmer minutes  . strain through wire sieve  . measure strawberry syrup adding water if necessary to make cup  . pour into small saucepan  . mix cornstarch water and lemon juice add to strawberry syrup  . bring to a boil and cook gently to minutes or until thickened  . cool slightly and spread over cake which has been frosted with fresh strawberry frosting letting it run down on sides  . let stand about hour to allow glace to become firm  .
stuffing to prepare stuffing dice beef and onion  . cook beef in a frypan until partially cooked add onion and cook for minutes  . drain and chop mushrooms add to frypan and cook for another minutes  . remove mixture from heat let cool and transfer to a mixing bowl  . add herbs ground beef bread crumbs eggs and sour cream  . mix thoroughly  . season with salt and pepper  . veal with a sharp knife cut a pocket in the veal breast or leg  . fill with stuffing close opening with toothpicks  . tie with string if necessary  . rub outside with salt and pepper  . heat oil in a dutch oven  . place meat in the pan and bake in a preheated degree f f. oven about hours  . bast occasionally with beef broth  . when done place meat on a preheated platter  . pour rest of beef broth into the dutch oven and scrape brown particles from the bottom  . bring pan drippings to a simmer  . thoroughly blend cornstarch with sour cream and add to pan drippings while stirring cook and stir until thick and bubbly  . slice veal breast and serve sauce separately  .
see sowest for the recipe  .
put vanilla wafer in bottom of cupcake foil  . pour mixture in bake for minutes on  . put in refrigerator overnight  . add fruit before you serve  .
blend all ingredients until potatoes are finely ground or approx  . min  . pour into pre heated lightely oiled round or loaf pan and bake at or until golden brown about hrs  . when doubling recipe use x pan  .
the light and moist cupcakes have a delicate cinnamon scented chocolate glaze that s spread over them while they are still warm  . . position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to degrees f f. line twelve inch muffin cups with paper liners  . . place cocoa in a small bowl and stir in cup very hot tap water to dissolve  . . in a large bowl combine the melted butter and sugar beat with an electric mixer until blended  . add the egg and beat until light to minutes  . add the cocoa mixture and beat until smooth  . in a small bowl stir together the sour cream and baking soda  . stir this mixture into the butter sugar mixture  . add the flour and vanilla beat quickly just until evenly blended  . with a spoon stir in the coconut  . spoon the batter into the muffin cups dividing it evenly among them they will be about three quarters full  . bake about minutes until the tops spring back when lightly touched and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean  . remove the tea cakes from the pan and cool slightly on a rack while you prepare the glaze  . . spread about teaspoons of the chocolate glaze on each of the warm tea cakes and let cool thoroughly  . chocolate glaze makes cup drizzle this simple and tasty glaze over the afternoon tea cakes or over any cake that s been frosted with seven minute caramel frosting  . . in a small saucepan combine the butter with tablespoons water  . place over low heat add the chocolate and stir until the chocolate melts and the mixture thickens slightly remove from the heat  . . in a small bowl combine the confectioner s sugar and cinnamon stir in the chocolate mixture and the vanilla to make a smooth glaze  .
note requires a x x or x x pan  . sift together cinnamon sugar flour and baking soda  . bring to boil oleo crisco cocoa and water  . pour over the flour mixture  . mix well then add buttermilk eggs and vanilla  . mix well  . pour into a well greased shallow pan see note  . bake in a preheated degree oven until a toothpick comes out clean  . you ll have to test this according to your oven then add the time required to this recipe  . frost the hot cake with chocolate frosting top with nuts  . note fudge frosting is best on this sheath cake
whick ingredients together until smooth  . brush on chicken near the end on broiling or baking  .
combine water and sugar in a large saucepan cook over medium heat stirring constantly until sugar dissolves  . add remaining ingredients stirring until grape juice melts  . pour mixture into freezer trays freeze until firm stirring several times during freezing process  . yield cups  . while the recipe does not offer the option i would think that one could use an ice cream freezer following the manufacturer s directions  . food water rt category topic message tue apr l lewis l.lewis lee at edt mm by qbtomm and sylvia steiger genie the steigers the.steigers ci gt cookbook echo moderator net node
stir egg yolks and lime juice vigorously in a quart saucepan  . add cup of the butter  . heat over very low heat stirring constantly until butter is melted  . add remaining butter  . continue heating stirring vigorously until butter is melted and sauce is thickinged  . be sure butter melts slowly so that sauce will thicken without curdling  . stir in lime peel  . serve hot or at room temperature  . cover and refrigerate any remaining sauce  . makes about cup of lime hollandaise sauce  .
bring lentils water to a boil  . reduce heat cover simmer for minutes  . heat tb oil in a beef saute onions salt till the onions are transulcent  . heat remaining oil in another beef saute the rice for minutes  . combine lentils rice onion cover tightly simmer till the lentils rice are render about hour  . you may have to add up to extra cups water  . stir occasionally  . serve with a green salad  . frances moore lappe diet for a small planet
place chicken pieces onions salt and hot water in a pint saucepan  . cover and simmer for about hours  . the chicken should be tender yet firm  . remove and cool chicken reserving stock  . remove meat from bones use only large pieces for this dish  . cook rice in boiling salted water  . when done drain and keep covered until used  . to make stock sauce brown onions in hot butter and remove from heat  . add cardamom and cumin mash with onion to form a paste  . add about pint of the chicken stock simmer for minutes and taste for seasoning  . combine cooked rice stock sauce and chicken place in a buttered casserole place carrots on top of mixture and sprinkle with raisins  . cover and cook for about to minutes in a very moderate oven f  . add more stock or water if dish becomes too dry  . when done mix carrots and raisins lightly with chicken and rice  . stock not used in the main dish can be served as a soup course  .
in large bowl combine ice cream jalapenos and lime peel  . return to ice cream container and refreeze until firm  .
place cayenne pepper black pepper bay leaves and cumin in center of inch square of cheesecloth  . pull edges together making a ball of the spices  . twist and tie with heavy thread  . rinse beans and put them in large kettle with spice ball water beef hock salt celery onion and garlic  . heat to boiling reduce heat and simmer covered for hours or until beans are tender stirring occasionally  . just before serving remove spice ball  . stir in tabasco and parsley  .
grind all the meat potatoes and onions thru a grinder plate and place in a mixer  . add all the other ingredients with the water and mix well  . after this procedure regrind thru the grinder plate again  . stuff into hog casings mm  . this sausage is a very perishable product  . it is best kept when frozen  . this sausage may be served fried baked or broiled  . when kept in refrigerator sausage should be placed in container and covered with water  .
heat oil in heavy dutch oven add beef and beef cooking and breaking up until lightly browned add onions green pepper and celery sweat minutes add other ingredients except beans mixing well bring to a boil reduce heat cover and simmer minutes discard bay leaves add beans mix well and simmer another minutes ladle into warm soup bowls and serve with warm tortillas tortilla chips or crackers pass garnishes separately  . yield to servings  . chuck ozburn
cook beef and reserve grease for sauting onions and garlic  . in a large chili pot saute onion and garlic  . remove onions and garlic and set aside  . add olive oil and cook meat until grey in color but not browned  . add onion and garlic back to chili pot  . add dry spices and cook while stirring for or minutes  . add stewed tomatoes beef bits chiles water celery water beef base  . bring to a boil and then simmer until done  . to hours  . from barry weinstein date sat
butter sides of heavy quart suacepan  . in it combine sugar milk chocolate salt and corn syrup  . cook and stir over medium heat until chocolate melts and sugar dissolves  . cook to soft ball stage f remove from heat add butter without stirring  . cool to lukewarm f add vanilla and beat vigorously until fudge stiffens and loses it gloss  . quickly stir in walnuts push from pan don t scrape sides into buttered shallow pan  . score while warm cut when firm  .
combine beef eggs oats tomato juice onions salt and pepper  . form into loaves  . place in x x loaf pans  . combine sauce ingredients pour tbs  . over each loaf  . bake at for to hours or until no pink remains basting once with remaining sauce  .
blanch minced chives in boiling water just until bright green minute  . drain and rinse in cold water squeeze chives in a kitchen towel to dry  . transfer to a blender puree wih cup oil scrape down sides of blender and blend until smooth  . add remaining oil blend again  .
spinach leaf or iceberg lettuce etc  . slice steak crossgrain into strips  . combine marinade ingredients add beef strips stirring to coat well  . let sit at room temperature for minutes or refrigerate several hours  . combine dressing ingredients and mix well let stand at room temperature for minutes so flavors can blend  . tear salad greens into bite sized pieces reserving a few leaves for garnish  . cut half of red pepper into rings for garnish cut remaining half into slivers  . in a large bowl combine salad greens red pepper slivers and water chestnuts  . heat tablespoon oil in large beef  . quickly brown half of stead remove from pan and brown other half of steak  . add steak to salad in bowl  . pour dressing in beef and heat through pour hot dressing over salad in bowl  . toss to mix well  . garnish with lettuce leaves pepper rings and hazelnuts  . serve immediately  . if salad must sit before eating serve dressing alongside  . cookfdn brings you this recipe with permission from oregon hazelnut industry and the hazelnut marketing board
make dough in workbowl of a food processor fitted with metal blade combine flours and salt  . cut butter and beef into small pieces add to workbowl and process seconds  . add cheese and pulse on off times to mix  . with motor running pour in enough vinegar mixture in a slow steady stream for dough to form a ball process to seconds  . turn dough out onto work surface  . if dough appears too dry work in to more teaspoons water  . specks of butter and cheese will be visible in dough  . shape dough into a disk wrap in plastic wrap and chill at least hours or overnight before using  . make filling preheat oven to degrees f f. as you slice apples toss them gently with lemon juice  . whisk together sugar flour cinnamon and salt add to apple slices and toss gently to coat evenly  . divide dough into unequal pieces making piece for top crust slightly larger  . on a lightly floured work surface roll smaller piece into an inch round  . line pie plate with bottom crust and fill with apples  . using your hands shape them into a firmly packed mound slightly higher in center than at sides dot with butter  . trim edges of bottom crust to a inch overhang  . roll out remaining dough to an inch round and arrange over filling  . trim edges of top crust to a inch overhang fold top crust under edge of bottom crust and flute edges decoratively pressing together with your thumb and forefinger  . cut inch slashes in center of top crust  . bake pie minutes  . reduce oven temperature to degrees f and continue to bake to minutes more until pastry is golden brown and juices are bubbling  . ten minutes before end of baking brush top with egg glaze and sprinkle with sugar  . cool on a wire rack before serving slightly warm or at room temperature  . yield servings taste show ts
. rinse dry and remove the stems then crush or tear the dried chiles with your hands into little pieces approximately inch  . chile caribe can contain a portion of the seeds of the pepper  . red pepper flakes sold in most supermarkets have the look of chile caribe but are usually the italian type pepper and impart a different flavor  .
in a double boiler or micro melt chocolate bars  . quickly fold into the whipped topping  . stir in vanilla  . spoon into pie crust  . garnish with shaved chocolate if desired  . chill until ready to serve  . yield servings
oz cream cheese ts almond flavoring tb margarine ts lemon flavoring oz powdered sugar beat eggs to blend add oil sugar and vanilla  . continue beating until thick and foamy  . stir in zucchini and pineapple  . mix remaining ingredients in a seperate bowl  . stir dry mixture gently into zucchini mixture just until blended  . bake in preheated oven at f for hour or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean  . dust finished cake with powdered sugar or top with cream cheese frosting  . frosting cream ingredients beating until smooth  .
core and peel apples  . chop as fine as possible  . cream shortening and sugar  . add eggs one at a time and beat well  . stir together the flour salt baking powder baking soda and spices  . blend into the creamed mixture and mix well  . stir in apples  . spread in a greased x x inch pan  . mix sugar and cinnamon together blend well  . sprinkle on top of the dough  . bake at degrees f for to minutes  . cool cut into bars  . makes bars  .
saute meat in of butter till almost fully cooked  . meat should not be overcooked  . drain  . use balance of butter and saute onion till crystal clear  . add meat seasonings and optional ingredients to taste  . let mixture cool  . shared by pat stockett asbury park press these recipes come from chef joseph a local teacher and chef  .
dump everything together and mix until well combined  . pack into small jars and label the now empty spice jars that held the ingredients are a good size  . store in a cool dry place  . crumble spices in hand when using  . measure spices by volume not by weight because of the large variation in moisture content  . notes a french style mixture of herbs and seeds i found this in some magazine many many years ago  . i usually make it every year or so and give it to people as presents  . the recipients are continually asking either for the recipe or refills  . this goes well in soups and similar things but is especially good in scrambled eggs  .
cut the broccoli into fairly large flowerets peel the stems and cut into spears or rounds  . steam it and while it steams prepare the rest of the ingredients  . when the broccoli is cooked warm some water in a large pan and add the sliced garlic  . then add the steamed broccoli peppers marjoram and parsley  . saute over lively heat until everything is warmed  . serve warm  . she also suggestsd serving it with a lemon wedge as a warm salad  .
saute the onion in the oil until soft then add the chiles and cups water  . bring to a boil reduce heat and simmer for minutes  . place the mixture in a blender and puree until smooth  . saute the beef until browned and drain off excess fat  . add the chile sauce and beef to the beans and heat  . to assemble place the bean mixture on the fry bread top with the cheese lettuce and tomatoes and serve  . yield heat scale
toast the passilla chile in a heavy beef until it is softened and releases a toasty smell  . do not burn  . if you burn throw it out as it will be bitter  . when you can handle break it into pieces and remove the stem and seeds  . place the chile pieces in a cup of boiling water and let steep for minutes  . meanwhile prepare your tomato by rremoving the charred skins and squeezing out the seeds  . chop the onion  . remove the charred skin from the chiles leaving a little skin and seeds  . place the soaked passilla into a food processor with tbs of water  . puree for seconds  . next add the tomato pieces onion pieces and serrano chiles with some seeds  . rooughly puree using off on pulses  . simmer the salsa in a qt saucepan for minutes to remove the raw flavor  . place the salsa in a bowl and allow to cool  . stir in salt to taste and cillantro
place fish in baking dish or pan  . prepare a sauce by browning garlic onion in melted butter  . when brown add parsley water and lemon juice  . blend sauce  . pour sauce over fish sprinkle with salt pepper flour  . bake covered min  . at degrees  . uncover basting with melted butter and dry white water  . bake ten minutes more or until done to taste  . also for flounder mackerel weakfish grouper snapper bass etc  . suggestions vary the ingredients of the sauce with other recipes  . recipe date
stir the water apple juice concentrate and pectin in a quart saucepan until the pectin is dissolved  . heat to boiling stirring constantly  . add the sugar and red pepper then heat to a rolling boil stirring constantly  . remove from the heat and strain  . add the red food color  . immediately pour into hot sterilized jars or glasses or freezer containers  . cover tightly and cool  . refrigerate no longer than weeks or freeze no longer than months  . serve with meat  . makes half pints of jelly  . grape jelly substitute can oz of frozen grape juice concentrate for the apple juice concentrate  . omit the red pepper and food color  . tangerine jelly substitute can oz frozen tangerine juice concentrate for the apple juice concentrate  . omit red pepper and food color  .
marinate steak in the oil sherry chili powder garlic and cumin for several hours  . refrigerate overnight for best results  . broil or grill the steak then carve into thin slices across the grain  . warm tortillas  . place several slices of meat on each  . add lettuce cheese onions and your favorite taco sauce  . roll and eat like a burrito  .
bring large pot of water to boil  . add chiles and boil until tender about minutes  . drain reserving cup cooking liquid  . puree chiles with cup cooking liquid in blender  . strain through sieve  . set aside  . melt butter in heavy large beef over medium heat  . add tablespoon chipotle paste onion rosemary pepper shallot and garlic and stir minutes  . add water and boil until reduced by half  . add min left h elp more cream and boil until reduced to thin sauce consistency stirring occasionally about minutes  . taste adding more chipotle paste if desire  . add cornstarch mixture and boil minute stirring constantly  . can be prepared day ahead  . cool completely  . cover and refrigerate  . rewarm before using  . makes cups  . use with crab enchiladas with chipotle cream sauce  . recipe from sonora cafe los angeles california  . source bon appetit april converted by mmconv vers  .  .
in saucepan bring the water to a boil may need more water  . stir in rice and boil minutes  . in beef cook beef until crisp  . remove beef and crumble reserving tbsp  . drippings  . set aside  . in bowl combine eggs and the tbsp  . water  . in the beef cook eggs in tbsp  . reserved drippings  . add drained rice beef onion and the tbsp  . soy sauce to eggs mix well  . turn into a greased quart casserole  . in beef brown the chops in tbsp  . drippings  . arrange chops atop rice mixture brush with additional soy sauce  . bake tightly covered in a degree oven for about minutes or until chops are tender  .
spread apples evenly in bottom of pie shell in shell.in separate bowl cream sugar and butter blend butter.blend in lemon juice and beaten egg yolks pour yolks.pour over apple sprinkle apple.sprinkle with cinnamon and nutmeg bake nutmeg.bake in degree oven for to minutes  . beat egg whites until peaks are formed gradually formed.gradually add powdered sugar and vanilla beating until meringue is stiff spread stiff.spread over top of pie return pie.return to oven reduce oven.reduce heat to degrees bake degrees.bake to minutes longer until meringue is lightly browned  .
vegetable cooking spray cup chopped onion cup ricotta cheese part skim milk cup neufchatel type cheese with herbs and spices teaspoon pepper egg lightly beaten cup tomato unpeeled seeded and chopped teaspoon salt teaspoon dried whole basil teaspoon dried whole oregano ounce tomato sauce can thaw bread dough using one of the following methods remove frozen loaf from package and wrap in plastic wrap let thaw in refrigerator hours  . remove plastic wrap and place on a lightly floured surface let stand minutes or  . remove frozen loaf from package and place on a lightly floured surface  . cover with plastic wrap let thaw hours  . press spinach between paper towels until barely moist set aside  . coat a medium beef with cooking spray place over medium heat until hot  . add onion saute minutes or until tender  . remove from heat add ricotta cheese and next ingredients stirring well  . add spinach stirring well remove from heat  . divide dough into equal portions  . working with portion at a time cover remaining portions to keep dough from drying out roll each portion to inch thickness  . place on a large baking sheet coated with cooking spray and pat each portion into a inch circle with floured fingertips  . spoon cup spinach mixture onto half of each circle moisten edges of dough with water  . fold dough over filling press edges together with a fork to seal  . lightly coat with cooking spray  . bake at x for minutes or until golden  . remove from oven and lightly coat again with cooking spray keep calzones warm  . comtine tomato and next ingredients in a small saucepan  . bring to a boil reduce heat to medium and cook minutes  . serve with calzones  . calories per sandwich and two tablespoons of sauce  .
in an oiled baking dish arrange chicken skin side down  . combine all other ingredients and stir until smooth  . pour over chicken and refridgerate hour  . or more if you wish  . drain into cup excess sauce and bake chicken uncovered in degree oven for minutes  . turn chicken over and baste with remaining sauce bake chicken another minutes or until its tender and no pink remains basting periodically  . serve with anything rice noodles or baked potatoe
use either or of the chiles that have been seeded and chopped  . to your own taste  . cook and stir the chiles and onion in the margarine in a inch beef until the onion is tender  . stir in the remaining ingredients cook stirring occasionally until heat through about minutes  .
beat butter sugars eggs and vanilla in large mixer bowl  . combine flour wheat germ baking powder baking soda salt and nutmeg in medium bowl  . add to butter mixture alternately with milk mixing well after each addition  . stir in raisins  . drop dough by teaspoonfuls apart onto ungreased cookie sheets  . bake in f f. oven minutes or until light brown  . immediately remove to wire racks to cool  . makes about dozen cookies  .
beat shortening for seconds  . add sugar beat till light fluffy  . add molasses water  . mix well  . add the baking soda cinnamon ginger salt  . mix  . finally fold in flour  . mix well  . form into inch balls  . place on a greased cookie sheet inches apart  . flatten slightly bake at f for to minutes  . cool on a wire rack  . makes  .
. combine all dry ingredients  . store in an airtight container  . makes about cup  .  . to make up combine cup of dry dressing mix with cup cold water and lemon juice  . blend in mayonnaise or salad dressing  . shake well before serving  . makes cup dressing  .
. lightly grease a shallow heat resistant non metallic baking dish and set aside  .  . in a medium sized heat resistant non metallic bowl heat butter in microwave oven seconds or until melted  . add chopped onion and green pepper  . heat uncovered in microwave oven minutes or until onion and pepper are tender  .  . add mushrooms seasoned dressing and crabmeat  . toss to gently combine  .  . add chicken broth or clam juice and stir to combine  . stuff each fish with some of the mixture  .  . secure openings with string toothpicks or small metal skewers  .  . place stuffed fish in prepared baking dish  . heat covered with clear plastic wrap minutes or until fish flakes easily with a fork  . let fish stand covered at room temperature minutes to finish cooking  .
cut tips off chicken wings save tips for soup  . cut chicken wings in half at joint  . deep fry bake or broil until golden brown and crunchy  . in medium bowl blend margarine savory herb with garlic recipe soup mix and cayenne pepper sauce  . add more or less cayenne pepper to match your hot spicy tolerance level  . add chicken wings toss until coated  . serve over greens with cut up celery if desired  . makes appetizers  .
in a quart microwave safe casserole combine cocoa powder chili powder cumin oregano and salt  . stir in tomato sauce onion and garlic  . micro cook covered on power high for to minutes or until mixture is bubbly around edges stirring once  . stir in chicken and chili peppers  . cover cook on high for to minutes to minutes for low wattage ovens or until chicken is tender and no longer pink inside stirring every minutes  . garnish with almonds if desired  . serve with warm tortillas or hot cooked rice tomato lettuce and avocado if desired  .
in large bowl combine eggs and oil beat slightly  . gradually beat in milk flour and salt  . pour batter into well oiled custard cups  . place cups on baking sheet  . bake in moderate oven hour deg or until firm and brown  . if desired remove popovers from oven after minutes cut slit in side of each to let out steam and return for last minutes  . makes large popovers  .
this recipe requires a qt  . crockpot  . for a smaller pot halve the recipe but use the same slow cooking times  . combine veggies beef bone water and seasonings in slow cooker  . cover and cook on high for hrs  . then on low for hrs  . or on low for hrs  . remove beef bone  . prepare and add egg yolks by vigorously stirring some hot soup into the slightly beaten yolks with the sugar added  . blend into the soup and cook on high until thoroughly heated about min  . reset ot low until serving time  . serve with croutons  .
preheat the oven to f f. generously grease and flour a tube pan set aside  . mix together the candy pecans dates coconut and cup of the flour set aside  . cream the butter and sugar until fluffy  . beat in the eggs one at a time  . stir in the vanilla  . mix together the baking soda salt and remaining cup flour add alternately with the buttermilk to the butter mixture  . add the nut mixture mix well  . pour the batter into a prepared pan and bake for two hours remove from the oven  . for glaze in a small saucepan combine the orange juice lemon juice sugar and butter  . cook until the sugar is dissolved  . spoon the glaze over the warm cake  .
mix cream cheese with picante sauce and half of cheddar cheese  . mix seasoning with refried beans chop letuce tomatoe and onion  . arrange these items in lay ers in the middle of the tortillia sprinkle with a dash or two of hot sauce and some garlic powder  . wrap bake in oven for munites or so  . serve with vegtable rice and you have a fat free mexican meal hard as it is to beleve
you should have to thin slices of unpeeled red apple for this recipe  . preheat the oven to degrees f f. cream the shortening and sugar together and add the eggs one at a time beating well after each addition  . combine the flour baking powder baking soda and salt in a mixing bowl mix lightly  . gradually stir the flour mixture into the shortening mixture  . in this order add the oats cheddar and pecans mixing well after each addition  . gradually add the milk stirring until all the ingredients are just moistened  . grease the muffin pans and fill each cup rds full of batter  . dip the apple slices in the melted butter and then into the cinnamon sugar  . press apple slice into the top of each muffin  . sprinkle lightly with cinnamon sugar and bake for minutes in the preheated oven or until golden brown  .
c rolled oats  . put dry ingred  . in first then liquid  . start machine  . yummypreformatted by elaine radis
try substituting unsweetened applesauce for the fats called for in your bread recipes  . this even works with chocolate cake many can t tell any difference in taste and the pectin in the applesauce keeps the bread moist longer  . i buy the small motts individual containers so i don t have a large jar going bad in the fridge  . i ve read that you can use up to one tablespoon of applesauce per cup of flour  . if you do make this substitution hold out about to cup of the liquid in the recipe and add it back in a tsp  . at a time during the kneading cycle  .
whisk the mustard together with the cold water in a medium sized bowl set aside for minutes  . stir in the water mix thoroughly  . serve immediately or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to six months  . this mustard makes an excellent addition to salad dressings  . vegetarian gourmet winter
place all the ingredients in a blender and blend on high speed for minutes until well blended or place in a medium sized bowl and mix well by hand  . serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve  . yield cups
blanch the cauliflower break the head into flowerets and put them in a saucepan with cold water to cover  . bring it to the boiling point cook for one minute drain and rinse the flowerets under cold running water  . wash the leek slice it into small rounds and cook them in the butter until they are soft  . stir in the flower cook for a few minutes until it is golden and add the boiling water  . add the blanched cauliflower season to taste with salt and pepper and simmer for minutes  . strain the soup through a food mill or puree it in a blender  . stir in the creame fraiche correct the seasoning and serve with croutons  . creme fraiche american heavy cream is considerably thinner than french heavy cream  . use teaspoon of buttermilk for each cup of heavy cream  . heat in a saucepan until it is lukewarm about f pour into a glass container and allow it to stand at room temperature until it thickens  . in very hot weather it can thicken in as little as hours in cold weather it can take as long as hours  . this can be stored in the refrigerator for a least a week  .
combine all the marinade ingredients except the gin  . bring to a boil and simmer about minutes remove from the heat add gin and cool  . place roast in marinade to cover  . let stand refrigerated for hours or more  . remove from the marinade place on a roasting rack in a large roasting pan and drape with beef  . roast uncovered in a preheated degree f f. oven for min per pound  . remove the beef for the last minutes of cooking and baste roast with the strained marinade and pan drippings  . remove the roast and let sit min before carving  . with a little butter and flour make a gravy from the pan drippings and balance of the marinade  . the gin is juniper flavored alcohol and juniper is a traditional game flavoring  . the gin works quite well if you don t have any whole juniper berries available  .
remove seeds and ribs from pepper and cut into inch cubes  . put in a bowl and mix well with the juice of the two lemons the olive oil salt pepper and the oregano  . heat broiler and pour water to a depth of about inch in a broiler pan  . lay swordfish steaks in water and broil for minutes  . pour the seasoned lemon oil and oregano mixture over the fish and cook for to minutes more until fish is cooked through and lightly browned  . immediately transfer fish to a warmed serving dish  . you may need to reduce the sauce slightly by boiling vigorously and stirring for minutes more  . pour sauce over fish and serve  . notes swordfish steaks cooked with sweet red peppers this recipe was handed out to people buying swordfish at my local fishmonger i tried it and it was delicious  . it is also very quick and simple to make  . i served fresh asparagus with this but any light vegetable would be fine  . boiled new potatoes would be nice too  .
. mix together the oil poppy or sesame seeds and vinegar  . season with salt and pepper and add the grated carrot and sultanas or raisins tossing well  . . mix together the mustard and cress bean sprouts alfalfa seeds and celery sprinkling with a little lemon juice and some salt and pepper to taste  . . arrange the carrot salad and the sprouting seed mixture on a serving plate  . add the cottage cheese and serve garnished with celery leaves  . preparation minutes  . serves calories  . selections fat half fruit protein vegetables optional calories  .
cream butter and sugar add egg sift in dry ingredients  . add vanilla nuts and apples  . bake in square pan for minutes  . serve with topping of whipped cream or ice cream  . mrs harold t t. cook
mix the salt saltpeter spices and sugar together and then rub into the beef forcing it into the meat  . set into a pan cover closely and put into the refrigerator or a very cool place  . turn every few days for weeks then smoke over a barbecue pit or in a smokehouse over very low heat for hours  . it will keep well for some time in a cool place  . to prepare cover with cold water and cook until tender  . the length of cooking time depends on how long it was smoked  . barb day
preheat oven to degrees f f. in a large bowl combine the flour brown sugar and margarine  . blend at low speed until the mixture forms fine crumbs  . if you want to include them stir in the nuts now  . place about cups of the crumb mixture into an ungreased pan about x inches  . press down firmly  . add the remaining ingredients except for the apples to the remaining crumb mixture  . blend well  . stir the chopped apples into the batter  . spoon the batter evenly over the crumb base in the pan  . bake at degrees f  . for minutes  . if you use the larger pan bake for minutes  . cool before cutting  . better yet let it wait hours before cutting  . store loosely covered  . notes sugary moist apple squares try to avoid eating very many of these squares on the day you make them as they improve immeasurably on the second and third day this recipe originally came from a pillsbury bake off  . yield makes squares  .
blend fat or oil and eggs together  . add matzo meal and salt mixture to egg and blend well  . then add soup stock or water and mix until uniform  . cover mixing bowl and place in refrigerator for minutes  . using a two or three quart pot bring quarts of slightly salted water no salt if desired to a brisk boil  . reduce flame and into the slightly boiling water drop balls approximately inch in diameter formed from mixture from refrigerator  . cover pot and cook to minutes  . have soup at room temperature or warmer and remove matzo balls from water and place in soup pot  . when ready to serve allow soup to simmer for about minutes  . makes about eight balls  . oh yes the soup  . any chicken or vegetable soup kosher shel pesach will do fine  . i prefer the vegetable  . my favorite jewish cuisine book is jewish cookery by leah h h. leonard  . i m sorry this is too late for your pesach seder  . casey wilson
sl beef md onions chopped md cans jalapeno peppers mincd cn oz  . tomatoes c longhorn cheese grated eggs in a heavy beef or dutch oven fry the beef  . remove the vacon and reserve the drippings  . saute the onion in the beef drippings until clear  . add the peppers stirring regularly  . add the tomatoes cutting into smaller pieces with a knife or spatula  . allow the mixture to cook down until most of the liquid has evaporated  . spread grated cheese over the tomatoes and allow to partially melt  . drop the eggs on top of the mixture  . cover and allow the eggs to poach  . serve immediately with two eggs and a lg  . scoop of tomato mixture on each plate  . authors ken beck and jim clark
separate cauliflower into flowerets  . wash well drain  . heat tb oil over high heat ni a beef  . when very hot add coriander fry for seconds  . add ginger chilies stir for a couple of seconds  . immediately add turmeric salt  . follow at once with the cauliflower  . stir rapidly to prevent burning to distribute the spices  . add c hot water  . reduce heat cover cook for to minutes stirring once or twice during the cooking  . increase heat to medium stir fry to evaporate remaining moisture to lightly brown the cauliflower to minutes  . stir carefully  . if vegetable looks dry stir in the rest of the oil  . add lemon juice coriander leaves  . serve immediately  . julie sahni classic indian cooking
preheat the oven to degrees f f. grease a large baking dish  . in a bowl toss the spaghetti with the butter and set it aside  . warm the beef drippings in a beef over medium heat  . cook the onion celery bell pepper mushrooms garlic worcestershire sauce and chili powder together until the vegetables are well softened about minutes cover the beef if the mixture appears to be getting dry  . sprinkle in the flour stirring to incorporate it and add the water or stock the tomatoes and the chili sauce  . bring the mixture to a boil reduce the heat to a simmer and cook the sauce for minutes until it has thickened slightly and reduced a bit  . remove the pan from the heat and stir in the half and half and parsley  . pour the sauce over the spaghetti and toss well  . layer half the spaghetti and sauce mixture in the baking dish  . top with half each of the chicken olives and cheese  . add the other half of the spaghetti and top with the remaining chicken olives and cheese  . the casserole can be assembled ahead to this point covered and refrigerated overnight  . remove it from the refrigerator minutes before baking it  . bake the casserole minutes or until the cheese melts and the sauce bubbles heartily around the edges  . serve the casserole hot  . serves  .
combine all ingredients in a large bowl  . stir until evenly distributed  . put about cups mixture each into three pint airtight containers  . label  . store in a cool dry place  . use within to months  . makes about cups of chicken flavored rice mix  . recipe for chicken flavored rice cups chicken flavored rice mix cups of cold water tbs  . butter or margarine combine all ingredients in a medium saucepan  . bring to a boil over high heat  . cover reduce heat and cook minutes until liquid is absorbed  . makes to servings  .
cream sugar and shortening and add beaten egg  . sift dry ingredients and blend with creamed mixture  . fold in figs and nuts  . drop by spoonfuls on greased sheet  . bake in preheated oven at f f. for to minutes  .
from hap townes restaurant place raisins in a heavy saucepan  . barely cover with water and bring to a boil over high heat  . turn heat down to medium and cook until water is below first row of raisins  . add butter stirring until melted  . mix flour and sugar and add to raisins  . cook minutes more stirring  . if watery bring back to a boil if stiff add water  . add lemon juice and serve hot  . serves
chestnuts are versatile and low in fat  . one ounce of chestnuts contains calories and  . g of fat  . chestnuts are the only nut approved by the low fat pritikin system  . they are high in carbohydrates  . california s crop grown around sacramento comes in during sept but imported italian nuts are here until the first of the year  . substitute the nuts for other nut types in poultry and wild game stuffings breads or cinnamon roll recipes  . fresh chestnuts must be cooked before being included in recipes  . to prepare them for baking preheat the oven to deg f f. using a short bladed or chestnut knife carve an x onto the flat side of each nut to prevent it from bursting  . place the nuts in a single layer on a baking sheet and roast in the preheated oven min  . they also may be cooked in the microwave for about min at full power  . the nuts should be mealy in the center when pierced with the tip of a knife  . remove immediately from the baking sheet to a thick clean cloth  . when barely cool enough to handle crack the nuts with your hands and use the same knife to peel off the outer shell and then the funny inner skin  . at this point you may cover the whole nuts tightly and refrigerate until needed  . coarsely chop the nuts and set aside  .
. place chicken pieces in a long shallow nonmetal baking dish and pour buttermilk over each piece  . let stand about hour at room temperature turn each piece of chicken frequently  . . combine remaining ingredients in a large paper bag close and shake to blend  . drain chicken pieces but do not dry them  . add chicken pieces a few at a time close bag and shake to coat each piece of chicken evenly with mixture  . place chicken pieces skin side up not touching on shallow baking dish or cookie sheet on middle rack of preheated f f. oven  . bake minutes  . then reduce oven temperature to f f. and continue to bake for minutes  . turn each piece of chicken and cook another minutes  . turn each piece and bake a final minutes  .
beat cream cheese and butter at medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy  . add parmesan cheese and pesto beat until smooth  . set aside  . line a cup bowl or mold with plastic wrap allowing edges to hang over inches  . diagonally cut slices muenster cheese in half arrange cheese triangles in bowl pinwheel fashion slightly overlapping to line bowl  . spread half of cream cheese mixture over cheese top with half of basil tomato sauce  . cut slices muenster cheese in half crosswise arrange cheese rectangles over tomato mixture  . repeat with remaining cream cheese mixture basil tomato sauce and slices muenster cheese cut into triangles  . fold plastic wrap over layers sealing securly place a heavy object such as a small cast iron beef on top to compact layers  . chill at least hours or up to days  . invert terrine onto a cheese board or serving platter and peel off plastic wrap garnish if desired  . serve terrine withcrackers or baguette slices  . yield cups  .
cream together first four ingredients  . mash sardines and beat into cheese mixture with parsley and hot sauce  . form into mound or desired shape  . garnish with capers and parsley  . serve with toast fingers bread or crackers  . makes cups  .
preheat oven to f  . grease a bundt pan srinkle with cocoa don t ask what a bundt pan is  . sift together flour baking soda salt  . heat coffee brandy on low for minutes  . add chocolate margarine stir till melted  . add sugar stir till dissolved  . let cool then transfer to a large mixing bowl  . add flour mixture about cup at a time  . beat till smooth  . add eggs vanilla beat for a minute  . pour batter into the pan  . bake for hours or until it is cooked  . allow to cool in the pan for minutes  . invert onto a plate remove pan when completely cool  .
finely chop the sorrel leaves  . in a saucepan saute the onions in butter until translucent  . stir in the flour  . mix in the sorrel cook it for a minute or two just until it wilts  . add the stock  . bring the soup to a slow simmer cook for minutes  . beat egg yolks milk in a mixing bowl  . slowly add cups of the hot soup while stirring constantly  . stir this mixture back into the soup pot  . re heat the soup gently but do not boil  . add dalt pepper tabasco if you so desire  . sundays at moosewood restaurant
in a mixing bowl cream shortening sugar and egg  . combine dry ingredients add to creamed mixture alternately with milk  . fill greased muffin tins full  . bake at for minutes or until golden  . let cool for minutes  . meanwhile combine the cup of sugar and teasp cinnamon in a cup  . roll warm muffins in melted butter then in sugar cinnamon mixture  . serve warm  . yield
line an inch square pan with foil butter foil  . in a quart saucepan mix sugar cocoa and salt  . stir in milk  . cook over medium heat stirring constantly until mixture comes to a rolling boil  . boil without stirring to degrees  . remove from heat add butter and vanilla do not stir cool at room temperature to degrees  . beat with a wooden spoon until fudge thickens and looses some of its gloss  . spread quickly into the prepared pan  . cool  . makes about pounds of fudge  . reqular cocoa works well too  .
melt butter  . add tb  . of the oil and heat gently  . add onion and red pepper  . saute slowly over medium low heat until peppers are tender crisp and onion is translucent and tender  . remove of this mixture and reserve  . add last tb  . of the oil to the pepper and onion mixture remaining in the beef  . continue to saute over low heat for or more minutes until onions are very soft and beginning to caramelize  . add chicken broth and lemon juice put the mixture in a food processor or blender and process until creamy  . steam green beans until tender drain  . combine green beans reserved sauteed pepper and onion and the onion pepper puree  . salt  . heat through and serve  . shepherd writes with caramelized onions and sauteed peppers this green bean dish tastes rich and looks beautiful  .
melt chocolate chips in the top of a double boiler or in a micowave oven  . set aside and cool to room temperature  . place egg whites and cream of tartar in a mixer bowl and beat at high speed using a whip until peaks are formed  . add sugar gradually while continuing to beat at high speed  . add flavorings and salt to meringue beating at low speed  . add melted clocolate continuing to beat at slow speed  . remove the whip and stir the coconut into the margingue with a spoon  . drop by heaping tablespoon onto a cookie sheet that have been sprayed with pan spray or lined with aluminum foil  . bake at for about minutes or until marcroons are not quite firm  . remove loosly cpvered container in a dry place at room temperature  . keep in a loosely covered container in a dry place at room temperature or freeze until needed  . do not cover tightly if storing at room temperature  . yield servings food exchanges per serving starch bread exchange fat exchange calories cho g pro g fat g na mg cholesterol
combine all the ingredients in a container  . swirl often when brushing over foods to prevent separation  . use to marinate cubed tempeh for hour  . or brush over grilling eggplant onions or potatoes  . to grill potatoes try parboiling them first  . nava atlas vegetarian celebrations
blend all ingredients may drink immediately or chill in freezer for minutes blend again pour into chilled glasses  .
c cold milk tb chives chopped ts tabasco sauce remove the root end and any damaged outer leaves from the leek but leave the remainder of the leaves intact  . split the leek in half lengthwise and cut it into inch pieces  . clean the leek by immersing the pieces in a bowl filled with cold water  . lift the pieces from the water and place them in a sieve to drain  . heat the oil in a pot  . when hot add the leek and sliced onion and cook over medium heat for about minutes until they soften and begin to brown lightly  . add the stock potatoes salt and pepper and bring to the boil  . boil for to minutes until the potatoes are tender  . strain off most of the cooking juices and reserve them  . add the solids with a little of the juices to the bowl of a food processor and process briefly just until pureed  . if too much liquid is added to the processor bowl the mixture will become too foamy  . stir the puree into the reserved juices  . you should have about cups  . the hot soup can be served immediately either plain or with croutons  . for cold soup cool the soup and stir in the milk chives and tabasco sauce  . serve cold  . serves  . if you can not find leeks add additional onions or scallions the soup will be very good although it won t have the unique taste that leeks give to soup  . if using leeks or scallions be sure to make use of the green as well as the white part of the vegetables after trimming them first of course to eliminate any damaged or wilted sections  . the green leaves lend color as well as taste and texture to the soup  . recipe from cuisine economique by jacques pepin  . source cuisine economique j j. pepin
make chicken broth and heat to boiling add rice  . simmer covered about minutes  . remove from heat and set aside  . in a bowl beat egg whites until stiff add yolks and beat well  . beat continuously adding lemon juice a little at a time  . then add about of the broth beating continuously  . pour this mixture back into the pot of broth and rice  . mix well over heat but to avoid curdling do not allow soup to come to a boil  . serve immediately  .
to make the apple brown betty preheat the oven to degrees  . butter a inch square baking dish  . sift the flour salt cinnamon nutmeg and sugar into a bowl  . cut the butter into small pieces cut it into the flour mixture using a pastry blender until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs  . cut the bread into inch square pieces  . soak the raisins in boiling water to cover for about minutes until plump the drain them  . combine the bread raisins and sliced apples in a bowl  . sprinkle the bottom of the prepared baking dish with cup of the flour mixture add the apple mixture and top with the remaining flour mixture  . bake uncovered in the preheated oven until the top of the brown betty is crisp and golden and the apples are tender to minutes  . to make the water whipped cream in a chilled medium bowl beat the cream and sugar until stiff  . beat in the water  . serve the betty warm with the water whipped cream  . serves  . submitted by robert foster robert.foster nashville com nashville.com robert foster on nov
servings freshly ground pepper put the dried mushrooms in cup hot water and let stand minutes  . saute the onion in the oil slowly for minutes then add the tomatos and garlic and let cook gently uncovered about minutes  . pepper to taste then add the dried mushrooms cut in quarters if large with any tough stems removed and the mushroom soaking liquid  . cook another minutes  . preheat oven to degrees  . line the bottom of qt casserole with cup of the rice add the cooked beef and strew over the top the feta cheese the olives and half the sauce  . add the remaining rice and the rest of the sauce and sprinkle with parmesan  . bake minutes  .
beat egg yolks until thick  . add salt sugar lemon juice and rind  . mix well  . sift flour measure and sift  . fold into egg mixture  . carefully fold in egg whites which have been whipped until they hold their shape  . pour into un oiled tube pan  . bake in slow oven f about minutes  . the household searchlight
recipe by governor tommy g g. thompson wisconsin arrange broccoli and cheese in pastry lined pan  . beat together eggs cream and spices in bowl  . pour the custard mixture over cheese and broccoli  . place in preheated over at degrees minutes or until top is golden brown and knife inserted inch from edge comes out clean  . yield main dish servings jm servings.jm  . joe dodge chef executive residence kitchen  . governor tommy g g. thompson wisconsin
. cook onion in oil in large nonstick beef until softened about minutes  . . add garlic crushed tomatoes tomato sauce broccoil cauliflower carrots parsley basil and oregano  . bring to boiling  . lower heat partially cover and simmer minutes  . . serve cup sauce over cup cooked pasta  .
sm bunches spinach tb olive oil sm onion finely diced garlic cloves minced salt pepper and nutmeg c ricotta eggs c parmesan freshly grated tb parsley chopped ts lemon peel minced or grated
mix livers with horseradish mustard  . wrap each beef strip around a piece of liver and a water chestnut half  . secure with a toothpick  . broil turning frequently until beef is crisp about to minutes  . note use round wooden toothpicks for this recipe  . flat toothpicks may char during broiling  . calories per rumaki about
in a small bowl combine the cucumbers tomatoes pimientos scallions and parsley  . in a microwavable cup mix the vinegar and honey  . microwave on high for seconds  . pour over vegetables  .
cut mango in half and peel  . mashed enough mango to measure cup  . cut remaining mango into thin slices mix mashed mango yogurt sugar and ginger  . set aside  . place a handful of lettuce on each of four plate  . arrange mango beef orange and avocado atop lettuce  . top the beef salad with the yogurt mango mixture  .
mix all ingredients over ice
saute the onion and celery in the margarine  . add the flour salt pepper and thyme  . gradually add the broth  . add the potatoes and carrots  . cover and simmer for minutes or until the vegetables are tender  . add the zucchini apple juice and turkey  . continue cooking over low heat for minutes  . recipe calories lean meat exchanges bread exchange grams carbohydrate grams protein grams fat mg sodium mg potassium mg cholesterol  .
make up the beans slow overnight or faster boil wait then mash  . add the spices i added the vege beef bullion as i don t worry too much about the salt  . form into patties make sure they are thin and fry in a non stick pan  . i found that mine took quite a while to cook too thick but they turned out very good passed the taste test my year old just loved them  .
preheat oven to degrees  . make crumbs from bread and toast in oven  . mix toasted crumbs with margarine cinnamon and teaspoon allspice  . mix apples with lemon juice maple syrup and remainder of allspice spread in a well greased shallow baking dish approximately round  . cover with crumb mixture bake minutes or until apples are tender  . serve warm  . food exchange per serving bread exchange fruit exchange cal
in a large saucepan bring the water and salt to a boil  . place the potatoes in the water and boil for about minutes or until soft  . remove the potatoes and rinse with cold water and drain  . remove to a large bowl and set aside  . in a food processor or blender mix all the ingredients for the mayonnaise except the oil and blend well until smooth  . when making any sauce or mayonnaise if it begins to break down during mixing don t despair  . simply add tablespoons of hot water and continue mixing slowly  . with the motor running add the oil in a thin stream until the mixture is creamy  . pour the mixture over the potatoes and mix well  . serve at room temperature and garnish with chopped parsley  . walt mm
cut steak across the grain into inch slices  . in a shallow casserole mix together remaining ingredients  . add meat cover and refrigerate for at least hours overnight if possible  . soak bamboo skewers in water for minutes before threading with meat  . this prevents them from burning  . remove meat and reserve marinade  . thread each slice lengthwise onto a bamboo skewer in an interlacing fashion  . broil ribbons or grill on a hot barbecue for minutes per side basting with reserved marinade  . makes about ribbons or appetizer servings  . skewer meat origin beef ad canadian living november  . shared by sharon stevens  .
c powdered sugar tb khalua combine flour baking powder and salt in small bowl  . melt butter and chocolate in small saucepan over low heat set aside  . beat eggs and granulated sugar in large bowl until light  . beat in flour mixture chocolate mixture tablespoons kahlua irish cream and water  . fold in walnuts  . pour into greased x baking pan  . bake in f f. oven just until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean about minutes  . do not overbake  . cool in pan on wire rack  . spread with kahlua glaze  . decorate with whole coffee beans if desired  . cut into squares  . makes brownies  . kahlua glaze beat together sugar and kahlua in small bowl until smooth  .
saute the onions in the oil over medium heat until very soft and clear  . watch carefully so they do not brown  . blend the cooked onions beans water and seasonings until smooth  . if more sweetness is desired add the honey and blend  . spread in the baked pie crust and bake to minutes at f  .
tb unrefined corn oil or soy margarine tb unbleached flour c soy milk heated c almonds md onion separated into leaves cloves white pepper to taste ds freshly grated nutmeg salt to taste for crepes blend the egg replacer w c water until smooth  . add remaining ingredients and blend one minute at high speed  . heat a crepe pan or non stick beef over low heat brush the bottom lightly w oil i use unrefined corn oil  . when pan is heated take it off the burner let cool about three seconds and pour t batter into it  . swirl the pan so the bottom is coated w a thin layer of batter  . put the pan back on the burner and cook until lightly browned  . flip the crepe and cook until that side is lightly browned as well  . repeat w remaining batter  . this makes about a dozen crepes  . note that you will inevitably screw up the first crepe or two but it will become fairly routine after that  . don t worry about it i still do that after all these years  . for stuffing saute the onion in a little dry white water for a minute or two then add wild rice and stock cover tightly bring to a boil turn heat to low and cook about an hour until all liquid is absorbed  . while the rice cooks saute celery in oil until slightly tender add onions and all mushrooms and saute until all vegs are medium tender  . add cooked rice tomato and seasoning and cook another ten minutes or so  . fill crepes w the mixture roll them over it and heat in a preheated oven at for about ten minutes  . serve w nutty almond sauce and garnish w parsley and a twisted orange slice  . for nutty almond sauce toast almonds until golden then pulverize  . don t overgrind or you ll get almond butter  . heat oil a few minutes in a heavy bottomed beef then stir in flour and cook minutes on low until fragrant  . stir in soy milk and continue to stir until it begins to thicken then stir in seasonings  . cover and cook more minutes but stir often to prevent scorching  . stir in almonds and cook another minutes  . serve w a simple spinach salad w mustard vinaigrette and french bread along w a chilled white water  .
bake large idaho potato until done  . cool and cut in half  . scoop out potato flesh and leave the potato skin halves  . fry skins in f deep fryer until crispy golden brown  . layer each skin a follows half of oprah s classic potatoes topped with half of beef  . cheese and sour cream  . add remaining half of potatoes and topping  . extra sour cream can be served on the side  . lightly melt cheese on top under broiler sprinkle with chives and serve  . makes portions
chop the onion and mushrooms finely  . saute over low heat in the oil for about minutes until tenderized  . chop the walnuts coarsely  . grind the sunflower seeds finely  . add all the rest of the ingredients to the onions and mushrooms and mix well  . transfer to a greased baking dish and bake in a f c gas mark oven for about minutes  . serve with creamy gravy see recipe below if desired and seasonal vegetables  . creamy gravy put the oats water and oil in a liquidizer and blend thoroughly  . pour the mixture into a small saucepan and heat gently stirring constantly until it has thickened  . stir in the yeast extract  . if the mixture is too thick add a little more water  . n b n.b  . this can be made earlier and reheated when serving the roast  .
paht thai is a noodle dish almost everyone seems to like  . a tangle of slender rice noodles is sauteed with garlic shallots and an orchestra of sweet sour and salty ingredients that play a piquant symphony of thai flavors  . a handful of fresh bean sprouts provides a cooling contrast to the hot seasoned noodles and circles of lime invite you to bring sourness to center stage as you begin to eat  . traditional ingredients are salty dried shrimp crispy pieces of fried pressed bean curd sweet sour nuggets of pickled white radish chopped peanuts flat green garlic chives and a balanced chorus sweet sour salty hot of palm sugar tamarind vinegar lime brown bean sauce and crushed dried red chilies  . thai cooks blithely tinker with the classic formula to create signature versions and you can too  . siriluk williams owner of sukothai restaurant in ft ft. lauderdale florida gave me her recipe for home style paht thai  . i love its accessible ingredients simple steps and delicious results  . to minutes  . meanwhile prepare all the remaining ingredients and place them next to the stove along with a small serving platter  . when the noodles are very limp and white drain and measure out cups  . set these by the stove as well  . heat a wok or large deep beef over medium high heat  . add tablespoon of the oil and swirl to coat the surface  . when the oil is very hot drop a piece of the garlic into the pan  . if it sizzles immediately the oil is ready  . add the garlic and toss until golden about seconds  . add the shrimp and toss until they turn pink and are opaque no more than minute  . remove from the pan and set aside  . add the egg to the pan and tilt the pan to spread it into a thin sheet  . as soon as it begins to set and is opaque scramble it to break it into small lumps  . remove from the pan and set aside with the shrimp  . add the remaining tablespoon oil heat for seconds and add the softened noodles  . using a spatula spread and pull the noodles into a thin layer covering the surface of the pan  . then scrape them into a clump again and gently turn them over  . hook loops of noodles with the edge of the spatula and pull them up the sides spreading them out into a layer again  . repeat this process several times as the stiff white noodles soften and curl into ivory ringlets  . add the fish sauce and turn the noodles so they are evenly seasoned  . add the sugar and peanuts turning the noodles a few more times  . reserving a small handful for garnish add the bean sprouts along with the green onions and shrimp egg mixture  . cook for minute turning often  . transfer the noodles to the serving platter and squeeze the juice of lime wedges over the top  . garnish with remaining bean sprouts and lime wedges and serve at once  . serves as a main course as an appetizer  .
contributed to the echo by merrilyn vaughan originally from microwave super suppers in minutes a globe mini guide sour cream sauce mix cornstarch and water till no lumps and very smooth a roux  . stir in rest  . cook on medium high for one minute or till warm and thick  . stir often to keep everything in suspension  .
recipe by net heat oven to degrees  . mix tsp  . salt dill weed and tsp  . pepper and sprinkle over sole fillets  . divide vegetables among fillets and roll up  . place seam side down on ungreased baking dish x x pour cup water over fish cover with foil and bake until fish flakes very easily with fork about minutes  . combine cornstarch and mi a . quart saucepan and stir in flour salt and pepper  . stir in remaining water heat to boiling stirring constantly  . boil and stir minute  . arrange fish on serving platter pour sauce over fish garnish with fresh dill weed if desired  .
peel and devein the shrimp cover and refrigerate the shrimp and reserve the shells  . heat the oil in a soup pot or large heavy saucepan over high heat  . add the shrimp shells and saute until the shells turn bright pink  . add the stock or diluted broth lemon grass or zest lime zest and leaves galangal or ginger and chiles  . bring to a boil then reduce heat to low cover and simmer for minutes  . strain the broth through a fine sieve into a clean soup pot  . at this point the soup can be poured into a container and refriger ated uncovered until cool then tightly covered and stored for up to days  . slowly reheat before proceeding  . bring the strained soup to a boil over high heat  . add the mussels or clams cover and cook until the shells open about minutes  . remove the mussels or clams and break off and discard the top shell  . return the mussels or clams on the half shell to the broth  . add the shrimp and cook until the shrimp turn opaque about minutes  . reduce the heat to low stir in the lime juice fish sauce cilantro slivered chile green onion and salt to taste simmer about minute  . ladle into preheated soup bowls garnish with lime slices leaves and blossoms and serve imme diately  . serves as a soup course or or as a main dish  .
we ll start of the front end of the pig  ... prepare pigs ears according to steps i and ii in basic instructions drain  . return to pot with water to cover and first ingredients listed above  . bring to a boil and simmer for hour let meat cool in liquid  . discard liquid and cut ears into x inch slices  . in the meantime bring cups water to a boil with remaining vinegar sugar ginger garlic salt and carrots  . turn off heat when boiling point is reached  . cool mixture to room temperature  . then add cucumber onion bell pepper and sliced pigs ears  . chill in refrigerator for at least hours to blend flavors  . will keep for up to week refrigerated  . serve as an appetizer or a cold meat side dish  . makes two quarts  . variations pigs snouts may be prepared in the same manner  . add cup fresh sweet pineapple chunks at the same time as the vegetables  . all these recipes are from innards and other variety meats  . jana allen and margret gin  . productions  . san francisco  .
ciik onion red chiles red pepper and ancho chile in oil stirring frequently until onion is tender about min  . stir in remaining ingredients  . heat to boiling reduce heat to low  . simmer uncovered for about min  . stirring occasionally  .
in medium saucepan heat oil over medium high heat add rice and stir until rice is coated with oil and heated through  . add boiling water and salt if desired  . note cheese and chilies are salty  . bring to boil over high heat cover and reduce heat to low  . cook to minutes or until water is absorbed  . spray a x x inch glass baking dish with pam  . combine cooked rice with the sour cream  . spread of rice mixture on bottom of baking dish sprinkle chilies over ricemixture then the cubed cheese rest of rice mixture and then the grated che recipe by
combine cornmeal baking soda and salt cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse meal  . add buttermilk and milk stirring just until dry ingreients are moistened  . form batter into eight inch thick cakes  . place on a hot greased griddle  . bake at degrees for minutes  . turn and bake an additional minutes  . serve hot with butter  .
wipe tofu dry with paper towels  . cut the tofu in each box in half then cut each half into four equal portions  . flour each portion lightly  . heat vegetable oil to medium hot to degrees  . add the tofu a few at a time  . fry until golden and remove to drain on paper towels  . prepare sauce by placing the water soy or tamari sauce sweetener and stock in a saucepan  . bring to a boil and mix well making sure sugar if using is dissolved  . to serve place a small amount of the sauce on four warmed plates  . divide the tofu evenly among the plates placing them on the sauce  . garnish with grated ginger and chopped scallions  .
mix the top four ingredients as for a pie crust  . the butter must be worked into the flour to make a pebbly meal  . slowly add the water mixing only enough to make it all stick the dough should be soft not at all stiff so add enough water  . do not knead  . you want to treat this like a pie crust else the tortillas will be tough  . roll the dough lightly into a log and cut it into equal pieces  . roll the pieces lightly in flour to keep them from sticking together  . cover with plastic while you prepare the fajitas  . the tortillas need time to rest before you roll them or they won t stretch enough  . when the dough has relaxed at least minutes later start heating a cast iron beef  . the beef needs to be medium hot to hot but not as hot as for corn tortillas  . on a well flowered surface roll each little ball of dough flipping it and turning it to form a perfect round thin tortillas  . it will take practice before you get this right and learn what is too thin or too thick  . i usually roll my tortillas until they are about inches in diameter  . after each tortillas is rolled you must keep them moist by layering them between plastic i use plastic supermarket produce bags or layers of wax paper  . when all tortillas are made you can start baking them in the iron beef  . place one tortilla at a time in the beef and flip with a thin metal spatula  . you want little air pockets to form and pressing lightly on the tortillas with the back of the spatula as it cooks will encourage steam to form and the tortilla to balloon  . cook only until there are light brown patches on both sides  . place each tortilla in a towel lined basket and cover with another towel  . this will steam the tortillas  . enjoy tortillas both kinds plain buttered or stuffed with an almost infinite variety of fillings  . nothing beats homemade tortillas colleen colleen wirth annals of mathematics wirth math princeton math.princeton.edu princeton university
lb sweet potatoes cooked or lb vacuum packed sweet potatoes tb margarine melted ts ground cinnamon apricot halves dried orange slices fresh arrange the sweet potatoes in a shallow baking dish  . combine the margarine and cinnamon  . pour over the potatoes  . arrange the apricot halves on top  . cover the dish and bake in a degree oven for about minutes  . add the orange slices and serve  .
combine the cocoa sugar and salt in the top pan of a double boiler or use a heatproof bowl that can be placed over a saucepan containing simmering water  . stir the mixture with a whisk until it is thoroughly mixed then mix in the hot water thoroughly  . set the pan over simmering water and stir the contents until the sugar has completely dissolved and the mixture is hot about minutes  . remove the top from the base and set it aside cool the contents to lukewarm  . cream the butter together with the vanilla and the almond extracts in the small bowl of an electric mixer or use a food processor to beat the butter with the flavorings just until it is light  . with the motor of the machine running gradually add the lukewarm chocolate mixture continuing to beat just until everything is well combined  . let the chocolate butter cool completely stirring or whisking it occasionally to lighten its texture  . add the nuts if you re making the nutted version then scrape the chocolate butter into a clean dry storage jar cover it tightly and refrigerate it  . makes about cups with nuts or cups without nuts  . note this wonderful recipe was copied from the old farmer s almanac good cook s companion magazine referring to the recipes creator helen witty s recipe from her book a little of what you fancy workman  . she describes chocolate butter as a luxurious spread sauce confection that keeps up to six weeks in the refrigerator unless you devour it first warmed as a sauce spread as a cake or cookie filling or rolled into instant truffles  . how could anyone pass up this recipe converted to meal master by kountry cook vicki phillips come visit my recipe collection webpage the kountry kitchen cookin with kountry cook vicki phillips http www nmol www.nmol.com kountry index htm index.htm
. in a small heavy saucepan over low heat or in a microwave oven in a microwave safe bowl or saucepan for minutes on power melt the butterscotch chips and butter stirring until smooth  . if you use a microwave safe saucepan or bowl be sure to cover it  . . transfer to large bowl  . with a fork stir in the graham cracker crumbs and walnuts until the mixture resembles crumbs reserve cups for the topping  . press remaining mixture into a x x baking pan and bake in preheated f oven for minutes  . . in a large mixing bowl beat cream cheese and sugar until fluffy  . slowly add one egg at a time beating after each addition  . add flour and lemon juice and beat until smooth  . . pour over hot baked crust and sprinkle with reserved crumbs  . bake at f for minutes  . cool completely in pan on wire rack  . cut into x inch bars  . chill before serving  .
keywords scones sugar free bread preparation time minutes cooking time about minutes per scone  . mix the flour and salt together and rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs  . stir in the currants and nutmeg then push the mixture gently to the sides of the bowl to form a well in the center  . beat together the egg and milk and pour into the well in the center of the flour  . using a wooden spoon mix the egg and milk mixture into the flour stirring from the center of the bowl and drawing the flour in from the sides to form a smooth thick batter  . if batter is too thick add a little extra milk until it becomes a soft dropping consistency  . heat a heavy based frying pan on top of a moderate heat and grease with a little butter or oil  . drop tablespoons of the batter into the hot pan and cook for minutes or until the bases are set and have turned golden brown  . turn the scones over and cook on the other side in the same way  . serve from the pan with sugar free preserves  . note these scones freeze well and can be re heated by wrapping in a clean dish towel and standing in a warm oven until they are heated through  .
beat together butter and sugar until smooth  . add egg and vanilla beat well  . combine flour baking soda and salt  . mix into creamed mixture  . fold in chocolate pieces and nuts  . drop by teaspoonfuls on greased cookie sheet  . bake in degree oven minutes  . cool on rack  . reprinted with permission from powdered sugar cookies from the c and h sugar kitchen by jean porter electronic format by karen mintzias
combine hot milk butter sugar pumpkin salt and cup flour in a large bowl  . stir yeast into cup warm water and let stand for minutes or until bubbly  . add yeast to the first mixture and beat vigorously  . cover and leave in a warm place to rise for minutes or until light  . stir in cups flour until dough leaves sides of bowl  . turn out onto a floured surface and knead in flour until dough is smooth and elastic about minutes  . place dough in a greased bowl turning it to grease the top  . cover and place in a warm draft free place until doubled in size about minutes  . punch dough down and turn out onto a lightly floured board  . roll dough with a rolling pin to inch thickness  . cut into inch rounds  . place rounds about inch apart on greased baking sheets  . cover and let rise for minutes or until almost double in size  . bake in a preheated f  . oven for to minutes or until golden brown  . hint place bottom pan on top oven rack and top pan on bottom oven rack after first six minutes of baking to ensure even brownness  . baker s note this recipe rates four stars  . it has a wonderful flavour and a nice golden brown colour  . it would be good to serve at thanksgiving dinner  .
combine all ingredients in saucepan  . bring to boil  . lower heat and simmer uncovered minutes  . chop tomatoes while cooking  . number of peppers may be varied to increase flavorful heat  . serve chilled with doritos or similar tortilla chips  . enjoy jeff duke
saute the onion in butter until softened  . add the potatoes and stock or water and simmer for minutes or until potatoes are tender  . transfer to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth  . return to the pot add cream and cheese and heat through  . before serving stir in dill  . peter kump prodigy guest chefs cookbook
season chops  . brown in oil with onion  . place green pepper limas and chops in layers in an oven proof casserole dish  . add hot water to pan drippings with catsup and bring to a boil  . pour over layered casserole  . add the bean liquid as needed while baking in the oven  . bake for hrs  . hope you enjoy it lisa cedar rapids
saute onion in liquid of your choice for minutes or until tender  . stir in the water juice lentils and bay leaf bring to a boil  . reduce the heat to low cover and simmer for to minutes or until the lentils are soft but not mushy  . remove the pan from the heat and discard the bay leaf  . stir in the couscous tomatoes basil and parmesan  . cover and let stand for minutes or until the couscous is soft  . uncover and fluff with a fork to separate the grains serves  .
cover beans with water and allow to soak overnight cook until tender drain set aside  . place beef beef and water in large soup pot bring to a boil  . skim fat from surface  . add bay leaf peppercorns garlic parsley carrot celery onion and salt  . cover and simmer over low heat for about hours  . scrub beets for soup and cook in boiling water until tender about minutes drain and discard water cool  . peel and cut each beet into eighths  . scrub small beets grate cover with water to soak  . remove meat from soup set aside  . strain soup into another pot and add cooked beets cabbage leeks potatoes tomatoes tomato paste vinegar sugar beef and beef  . bring to a boil and simmer minutes  . cut kielbasa into chunks and add with navy beans to soup  . simmer minutes more  . mix flour and butter together to form paste  . stir into soup to thicken slightly  . strain raw beets saving liquid and discarding beets  . add beet liquid to soup  . additional sugar or vinegar may be added for sweeter or more sour flavor  . slice meat and arrange in individual soup bowls  . pour hot soup with vegetables over meat  . garnish each serving with a dollop of sour cream if desired  . serves  .
bake pie shell in preheated oven mins  . or until light golden cool completely  . in small beef saute onion in butter until tender set aside  . separate egg then brush egg white on pie shell  . pour excess white into large bowl  . add yolk remaining eggs milk flour salt and pepper beat until smooth  . stir in cheese and onion  . turn into pie shell  . bake in preheated oven to mins  . or until knife inserted in center comes out clean  . cool at least mins  . serve warm or at room temperature  .
approximately cup dry water sour mix packets of individual drink mix cup sugar tsp salt cup light corn syrup cup water tsp vinegar preheat oven to  . place popcorn in a large inch deep buttered baking pan  . keep warm in over  . combine other ingredients in a large saucepan  . cook until mixture reaches on a candy thermometer  . remove popcorn from oven  . pour syrup mixture over popcorn  . mix well  .
salt in a heavy saucepan melt butter cook onion carrot and celery for about minutes or until tender do not brown  . stir in flour mustard nutmeg and pepper cook for to minutes  . stir in chicken stock simmer for about minutes or until vegetables are tender  . if desired puree until smooth in blender or food processor  . note this is where the hand blender comes in real handy grin add cream and milk or water and bring almost to a boil  . add cheese heat until just melted stirring constantly  . add worcestershire and a little salt  . makes servings  .
in a heaavy saucepan pour the cold milk add the rice sugar and butter  . cook over low heat stirring frequently until thickened approximately hour adding cinnamon stick and cloves for flavor if desired during the last minutes  . remove from the heat stir in the vanilla then remove the cinnamon stick and cloves  . beat the eggs lightly in a small bowl then add one tablespoon of the hot pudding mixture into the eggs stir and repeat twice  . add the egg mixture into the pudding stirring until mixed thoroughly  . pour into individual serving dishes or large serving bowl  . sprinkle with ground cinnamon cool then chill  . serve cold  . note you may use a vanilla bean added with the rice instead of stick cinnamon and cloves or substitute grated lemon rind for all the other flavorings  .
place elbow macaroni in quart casserole  . cover with hot tap water  . microwave at high for min then at med  . for min  . set aside until macaroni is al dente  . drain  . or cook on stovetop according to package directions mine cooks in minutes  . add remaining ingredients except cheese  . cover with lid or plastic wrap and microwave at high for min then at medium for min  . or continue cooking on the stove top until heated through  . sprinkle with cheese and let stand until cheese is melted  . each serving cup calories g carbohydrates g protein g fat starch choice protein milk fruit veg fats oils
stem seed and dice peppers  . scotch bonnets can be substituted for the habaneros  . dice onions and tomatoes  . mix in all other ingredients and chill overnight is best until the flavors blend  . serve with tortilla chips  . not for the heat intolerant warning you may want to use gloves to handle the peppers especially the habaneros  . hot pepper vinegar a home bottled hot pepper vinegar is the best choice  . if that is not available a commercially bottled vinegar can be substituted  . you can however easily bottle your own pepper vinegar to control the heat and flavor content  . see recipe dat l do it hot pepper vinegar is also great substitute  . however it comes in very small bottles  . since we were continually topping it off we decided to mix it in quantity  . add seven bottles of dat l vinegar peppers and all to approximately gallon of white vinegar and allow to steep for a week before using  . the quantities specified are actually more diluted than the original product so you may choose to use the original formula directly  .
mix dry ingredients in a saucepan add water nd cook over medium heat whisking until it thickens and bubles  . cook minute  . remove from heat and add margarine  . a dash of red food coloring or a dash of saffron will give it a more traditional color  . this is a great replacement for cheez whiz and other stretchy melty cheese sauces  . deeanne at edt
eggs tb green onions sliced sauce picante recipe sep heat the grill or broiler  . season the chicken with salt and pepper  . brush the bbq sauce on the chicken coating the breast completely  . place the chciken on the hot grill or broiler and cook for minutes on each side  . set aside and cool  . for hash in a saute pan heat the oil  . add the potatoes and sate  . shaking the pan occasionally for minutes  . add the onions shallots and andouille sausage and stir fry for minute  . small dice the bbq chicken and add to the andouille mixture and saute minute  . add the garlic and season with salt and pepper stir occasionally for minutes  . for poached eggs bring cups of water to a boil with teaspoon white vinegar and teaspoon salt in a small saucepan over high heat  . crack and egg into a cup and slide the egg gently into the water  . crack another egg into cup and when water returns to a boil reduce heat to low and simmer until eggs are set about minutes  . drain on paper towels  . to assen mble spoon a small amount of picante sauce in the center of plate place c of the hash on sauce  . top with poached egg and garnish with shaved green onions  .
place the grated cheese in a small bowl and cover to prevent drying then set aside  . combine cups unsifted flour yeast sugar and salt in a large mixer bowl blending thoroughly  . measure c of milk water and butter into a saucepan and heat until the liquids are warm to degrees f f.. gradually add the liquids to the dry ingredients in the mixer bowl beating for minutes at medium speed of the electric mixer scraping the bowl occasionally  . add and beat in cup of unsifted flour at high speed  . beat for minutes scraping the bowl occasionally  . mix in enough additional flour to cup unsifted to make a soft dough  . dough will be slightly sticky  . put the dough into a greased deep bowl  . cover with waxed paper and a clean towel and let stand in a warm place until the dough has doubled to minutes  . generously grease several baking sheets  . melt the butter and set aside  . punch the dough down wit a fist and turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface  . divide the dough into two equal portions  . set one portion aside  . roll the dough into a rectangle x inches  . brush with about one half of the melted butter  . sprinkle with about one half of the grated cheddar cheese  . cut crosswise into equal portions  . cut into halves lengthwise  . fold each strip into thirds lapping each side portion over the center third  . place the rolls on a baking sheet  . repeat for the other half of the dough  . beat the egg yolk with the tbls of milk slightly  . brush the tops of the rolls with the egg yolk mixture  . let rise until doubled about minutes  . bake at degrees f f. for about minutes or until rolls are golden brown  . serve rolls hot  .
combine all ingredients except the sugar shortening and oats in a large bowl  . blend well  . stir ni brown sugar an mix well  . with a pastry blender cut in shortening until evenly distributed  . stir in oats and mix well  . put in a large airtight container and label oatmeal cookie mix  . store in a cool dry place and use within to weeks  . makes about cups of mix  . variation use cups unbleached flour instead of cups unbleached and cups of whole wheat flours  .
wash the string beans in water  . snap the stems off  . break beans into inch long pieces  . with a vegetable brush clean the zucchini thoroughly under some running cold water  . cut and throw away both ends of each zucchini and cut into small rounds  . peel and cut onion into small pieces  . over a medium heat saute the onion in butter or margarine  . when the onion is soft add mustard seeds  . when seeds start jumping add turmeric cumin and coriander powders  . saute onion again until it is fully covered with spices  . add string beans first  . mix and cover them for minutes  . then add zucchini next  . stir the pan  . add chili powder garlic powder and salt  . cook for to minutes  . serve hot or warm as a side dish  .
mix gelatin lemon juice salt and arrowroot add strawberries  . boil stirring constantly about minutes  . remove from heat stir in sweetener  . fill and seal jars  . food exchange per serving tablespoon trace fruit cal
brown meat drain  . stir in tomatoes cumin and salt cover and simmer minutes  . cover bottom and sides of pizza pan with tortillas overlapping attractively  . spread with pace thick chunky salsa top with meat mixture  . bake at f f. oven minutes  . sprinkle with cheese  . arrange lettuce tomato and avacado over top  . cut into wedges using scissors or small knife and serve with additional pace thick chunky salsa  .
melt chocolate pieces in top of double boiler  . blend in butter and vanilla  . dip strawberries in chocolate swirling to coat evenly  . place on waxed paper and set in cool dry place  .
recipe by usa dry pea lentil council add lentils to water bring to a boil and simmer for min or until tender but whole  . add remaining ingredients to the cooked lentils and bake at deg f for min  . this is excellent typed and tested for you by reggie dwork reggie reggie com reggie.com
without adding fat brown the lamb chunks in a heavy dutch oven  . heat the oil in a separate pan and saute the onion in it until it is brown then transfer to the dutch oven  . sprinkle the turmeric pepper and salt over the meat and stir for minute  . sprinkle in the flour and stir until it is absorbed  . add the walnuts pomegranate juice and enough water to almost cover the meat  . reduce the heat to a simmer cover the pot and cook until the meat is tender to hours  . add the cardamom  . squeeze in the lemon juice to taste and adjust the salt  . keep warm until ready to serve  . serves  .
put the cheese through a meat grinder food processor and etc  . using the finest blade  . combine the cheese in a mixing bowl with all other ingredients  . mix well  . chill in the refrigerator  . remove from the refrigerator about a half hour before serving so the cheese may be spread easily  . a good bourbon may be substituted for brandy with excellent results  . makes about two cups  .
grease a baking sheet  . in a beef heat oil over medium high heat  . add chorizo onions and garlic and cook stirring until chorizo is browned and onion is tender about minutes  . transfer to a small bowl and let cool completely  . taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper if needed  . on a lightly floured work surface stretch bread dough into a rough circle  . using a strainer drain any excess fat from chorizo mixture then mound in center of dough  . pull sides of bread up over sausage to completely enclose squeezing out any air pockets  . pinch edges together to seal  . knead lightly to distribute chorizo evenly throughout loaf and form into a round peasant shape  . transfer to baking sheet seam side down and let rise until doubled about minutes  . preheat oven to degree f f. using a razor or serrated knife cut a shallow x in center of dough and brush with egg wash wash. bake bread until brown and firm about minutes  . let bread cool in pan on a rack minutes then turn out and let cool  . serve warm or at room temperature  .
preparation time minutes  . cooking time minutes  . make snail butter by working the butter with a mixture of chopped parsley garlic shallots and anchovy fillets  . season with the salt pepper and spice then work through a fine sieve  . quatre epices is a plant from the antilles west indies whose fruit is at the same time reminiscent of pepper cinnamon nutmeg and clove  . mkm place a piece of butter the size of a bean inside each snail shell  . add the snail then close up the shell with some more butter pressing it down firmly  . arrange the snails on a dish and moisten with the water if liked  . sprinkle with the breadcrumbs and bake in a hot oven for minutes  . dry white wines macon vire bourgogne aligote rully pouilly fuisse  . from larousse traditional french cooking  .
day before cook sausage and drain well  . stir together flour baking powder and baking soda  . in large mixing bowl beat butter until fluffy  . add sugars and beat until well blended  . add eggs one at a time beating well after each  . alternate adding flour mixture and sour cream to creamed ingredients mix well  . fold in sausage and berries  . pour batter into ungreased x x baking pan  . sprinkle pecans on top  . refrigerate overnight  . preheat oven to  . bake minutes until done  . cool on wire rack  . sylvia s notes with two young kids i didn t want to use chopped nuts so i sprinkled raw oats on top  . then i didn t have a x pan so used two x pans  . and my oven was broken so i used my toaster oven and baked one pan minutes at  . the batter is so thick it s very hard to work with i need to add more liquid next time  . it s also too rich to bake easily think i ll replace some sour cream with water or milk  . mm by sylvia steiger the steigers the.steigers on genie on ci gt cookbook echo moderator at net node
scoop out melon with melon baller  . cut peel from oranges remove white membrane and slice crosswise  . cut grapes in half and remove seeds  . line a glass bowl with lettuce leaves arrange melon balls orange slices grapes and walnuts in layers on top of lettuce  . mix and blend well all ingredients for the dressing  . adjust seasonings  . pour dressing over fruit  . let salad ingredients marinate for minutes  . toss salad just before serving  .
crust
mix together the crumbs nuts and melted butter  . pack onto the bottom of a greased inch spring form pan  . chill minutes  . beat together the cheese cup of the sugar and the salt  . add the flour and egg yolks one at a time beating until very smooth  . beat in the lemon juice vanilla almond extract and sour cream  . beat the egg whites until soft peaks form then gradually beat in the remaining sugar until stiff but not dry fold into the cheese mixture  . slowly pour into the prepared chilled spring form pan  . bake in a preheated degree f f. oven hours  . open the oven door turn off the oven and leave the cake to cool for hour  . remove from oven and finish cooling on a cake rack then chill at least an hour before removing the sides of the pan  . serves  .
combine cup sugar and corn starch in medium sauce  . stir in rhubarb  . cook and stir over medium heat until mixture comes to a boil and thickens  . cool and set aside  . stir together milk and vinegar and set aside  . combine flour and remaining cup sugar  . cut in butter until mixture is crumbly and set cup of mixture aside  . to remainder add baking powder baking soda and nuts  . combine egg and milk mixture and add to dry ingredients stir until just moistened  . spread of the batter over the bottom and sides of a buttered spring form pan  . spoon rhubarb filling over batter  . drop remaining batter over rhubarb by spoonful sprinkle with reserved streussel mixture  . bake in preheated f oven minutes  .
combine the pumpkin sugar spices and salt in a bowl mixing well  . add the eggs and evaporated milk  . beat until smooth using a rotary beater or an electric mixer  . pour into the unbaked pie shell  . bake in a preheated degrees f oven for minutes and then reduce the temperature to degree f f. and bake for an additional minutes or until a knife inserted halfway between the center and edge comes out clean  . cool on a wire rack  . prepare the crunch pecan topping and sprinkle over the cooled pie then place the pie under the broiler flame inches from the heat source until the mixture begins to bubble about minute  . cool to room temperature on a wire rack  . crunchy pecan topping place the softened butter brown sugar and pecans in a bowl and mix until crumbly with a fork  .
wash trim and scrape the parsnips  . cut into uniform pieces and boil in salted water to minutes or until tender  . drain well and let dry  . just before serving heat the butter in a beef and saute over moderate heat until light brown on all sides letting the parsnips caramelize a little in their own sugar  . season with the nutmeg salt and pepper and serve in a warm vegetable dish garnished with parsley  .
recipe by the living heart diet by m m. e e. debakey isbn . preheat oven to f  . . add milk all at once to the master mix stirring until flour is moistened  . . knead times on a lightly floured board  . . roll out inch thick and cut with a inch biscuit cutter  . . bake for mins or until lightly browned  . yield biscuits biscuit cal prot  . fat carb  . sat  . mono  . poly chol na
do not refrigerate  ... use only wooden utensils  ... store in covered container first day in large bowl combine cups starter juice cups sugar large can sliced peaches drained and diced  . stir daily for days tenth day add cups sugar large can chunk pinapple with juice stir daily for days th day add oz  . jars marashino cherries drained and diced  ... i use both red and green ones stir daily for days th day drain fruit save liquid you will have enough for yourself and friends cups each  . you are ready to bake cakes  . the contributor added mix all ingredients and bake in a greased bundt pan for hour  . i serve it plain as after it cools i usually pour about oz of water over it to add flavor  ...  ..very good
ea bar from lb pkg  . paraffin oz semi sweet chocolate bits cream peanut butter for three minutes  . add butter and sugar  . mix well  . shave the paraffin and heat chocolate bits and paraffin in double boiler  . mix well  . roll peanut butter mixture in small balls  . dip each ball in chocolate about deep  . place on waxed paper to dry  .
lb couscous ts salt oz butter
oz swordfish steaks about inch thick fresh ground pepper tb vegetable oil orange peeled and cut into slices red onion peeled and thinly sliced c cilantro leaves chopped tb olive oil rub ground pepper into swordfish steaks and let sit for minutes  . in a medium bowl combine orange slices onion cilantro and olive oil  . heat heavy beef over medium high heat and add oil  . add swordfish steaks and cook on either side until well browned about minutes per side  .
c reduced fat baking mix c non fat milk tb fruit all natural conserve toss together strawberries blueberries blackberries raspberries sugar tapioca and lime juice in large bowl  . let stand minutes  . divide into individual cup ramekins  . place on baking sheet  . bake at f  . minutes  . spoon drop biscuit swirl batter on top of each ramekin dividing evenly  . brush each biscuit with butter and sprinkle each with brown sugar  . continue to bake minutes or until biscuits are baked through  . let cool to warm  . serve with non fat milk if desired  . makes servings  . each serving contains about calories milligrams sodium milligrams cholesterol grams fat grams carbohydrates grams protein  . grams fiber  . drop biscuit swirl combine baking mix and milk and stir until almost blended  . swirl in fruit conserve  . makes enough for biscuits  .
calories per serving fat grams per serving approx  . cook time measure flour by spooning lightly into a cup  . combine three cups flour yeast sugar salt and soda  . heat milk and water to degrees f f. add to dry mixture beat well  . stir in enough more flour to make a very stiff batter  . spoon into two loaf pans that are greased and sprinkled with cornmeal  . let rise for minutes  . bake for minutes at degrees  . remove from pans immediately and let cool  . submitted by sam waring sam waring sam.waring ima .ima.infomail.com on mon nov gmt
bake potatoes in the oven at deg f f. for about an hour or until tender  . cut in half lengthwise  . scoop out insides and mash in a large bowl with tablespoons of butter cream cup of cheese and beef  . season to taste with salt and pepper  . refill potato shells and sprinkle with remaining cheese and dot with butter  . bake at deg f f. for minutes then place under the broiler for to minutes or until lightly browned  .
preheat oven to f f. in large bowl combine flour sugar baking soda cinnamon nutmeg and gelatin  . stir until evenly mixed  . make a well in center of dry ingredients  . in food processor or blender combine egg substitute undrained strawberries sliced banana and oil  . blend until smoth and creamy  . pour fruit mixture into well and stir gently by hand until dry ingredients are moistened  . using non stick cooking spray grease two x inch loaf pans  . pour batter equally between pans  . bake on center rack of oven to minutes or until inserted toothpick comes out clean  . let cool before slicing  . makes loaves  . this recipe is from a booklet from schwan s  .
sheets dried rice papers banh trang eggs well beaten c peanut oil
combine raisins water and vanilla in food processor and blend until smooth  .
frozen unsweetened loose pack raspberries thawed and drained can be substituted for fresh raspberries  . toss salad greens chicken raspberries and celery  . sprinkle with almonds  . serve with raspberry dressing and pepper  . servings  . raspberry dressing place all ingredients in blender  . cover and blend on high speed for about seconds or until smooth  .
fill a mixing glass with ice  . add water lime juice and powdered sugar  . shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass  . garnish with a lime slice  .
mix together and pour in an unbaked pie crust  . this filling appears to be very thin but in baking it quickly thickens  . note no time or temperature given  . bake as for custard starting at f f. for minutes the lower temperature to f f. until done  .
saute shallots in tablespoons butter in quart saucepan until translucent  . stir in floour  . cook for minutes to make roux stirring frequently  . bring cream and half and half to the simmering point in saucepan  . whisk into roux  . cook for minutes for until thickened to desired consistency stirring frequently  . stir in tabasco sauce dill salt and white pepper keep warm  . saute scallops in tablespoon butter in beef for minutes  . stir in water  . add to cream sauce  . serve over pasta  .
in a beef brown the beef drain  . stir in soups  . pour into a greased x x baking dish  . arrange french fries on top  . bake uncovered at f for minutes or until the fries are golden brown  . yield servings  . typed in mmformat by cjhartlin msn com msn.com source taste of home quick cooking
saute the chopped white onions and celery in the unsalted butter for ten minutes  . add flour slowly to avoid lumps mix well  . add seafood stock and bring to a boil for ten minutes  . to this add the cream to the liking crab meat and brie cheese  . simmer for another ten minutes  . season with cajun seasoning and worcestershire sauce to taste  . garnish with green onions  . soup will be slightly spicy hot  . source food water the westin way north america  . typed in mmformat by cjhartlin msn com msn.com
brown the onions and garlic in a little oil  . add the vegetables to the browning onions and garlic  . add the tomatoes and cook until vegetables start to soften about minutes  . add the seasonings  . add the hominy  . cook until all vegetables and the hominy are soft another minutes  . from the rec food rec.food.recipes archives
. preheat oven to degrees f f. prepare stuffing mix according to package directions but do not let stand  . . spoon stuffing across center of qt  . shallow baking dish  . arrange chicken pieces on each side of stuffing overlapping if necessary  . . combine soup milk and parsley  . pour over chicken  . cover with foil bake min  . uncover bake min or until chicken is no longer pink  . stir sauce before serving  . variation add cup each chopped carrot celery and onion with seasoning packet while preparing stuffing mix  .
okra can be fresh sliced or a ounce package frozen okra sufficiently thawed to separate okra slices can be substituted  . . wash salt beef under cold water to rinse off excess salt  . blot dry and cut into small dice  . . place in a large heavy soup pot and cook over low heat until all fat has been rendered  . remove crisped beef dice and drain on paper toweling  . set aside  . . blot chicken pieces dry with paper toweling and dredge lightly with flour  . press flour into each piece then shake off all excess  . heat salt beef to almost smoking  . brown the floured chicken pieces a few at a time in the hot fat  . remove as browned and set aside  . . pour off and discard fat  . add butter to soup pot and place over low heat  . when melted add onion and okra and cook stirring often with a wooden spoon until onion is soft  . be careful not to let okra scorch  . . return chicken to pot and add remaining ingredients except salt and pepper and optional flour  . let simmer for about hours adding additional water if needed  . remove from heat  . remove and discard bay leaf  . remove skin and bone from chicken pieces and return meat to pot  . reheat if necessary  . if desired thicken mixture with tablespoons flour mixed to a paste with about cup cold water and stir over low heat an additional minutes  . . ladle into large soup bowls over mounds of just cooked fluffy white rice  . sprinkle crisped beef dice over each serving  .
let the mixture sit at room temperature for minutes or longer  .  . minutes before you are ready to serve the mojo heat the oil over medium high heat in a medium size pan until it is very hot add the garlic mixture do this quickly because it will splatter stir and serve immediately  . to reheat simmer over low heat until heated through to minutes  . the sauce keeps several weeks refrigerated  . makes cup mojo criollo creole garlic sauce
in microwavable quiche dish round baking dish or deep pie plate melt butter on high for to minutes  . stir in crumbs and tbsp sugar till evenly coated with butter  . press onto bottom and sides of pan  . microwave at high for minutes or till firm  . rotate dish if necessary  . in small dish melt chocolate at medium for minutes stirring to help chocolate melt  . set aside  . in large bowl beat cream cheese and sugar till light  . beat in eggs one at a time then add sour cream and vanilla and beat till smooth  . pour into baked crust  . drizzle chocolate over mixture in attractive pattern  . microwave uncovered at medium for to minutes or till cheesecake is almost set in the centre  . rotate dish during cooking if necessary  . cool on countertop to room temperature then refrigerate till serving  .
lg egg yolks ds salt ts juice lemon ts tarragon tb water white lb butter salt to taste pepper white to taste heat the butter in a beef and add garlic green onion shallot and dill  . cook for minutes and add white water and cream  . reduce until thickened  . in another pan saute the crabmeat in an ounce of clarified butter until hot then add the crabmeat to the cream mixture  . add combined flour and melted butter  . carefully cook the egg yolks with a dash of salt and lemon juice stirring all the while  . reduce the water and tarragon to a paste and add  . drizzle in butter until the sauce is thick and emulsified  . taste and correct seasoning with salt and white pepper  . put the oysters on a bed of rock salt and place them under a broiler for seconds  . after thirty seconds take them out of the broiler and spread on the cream sauce  . top with the second sauce and then broil until brown  .
cube bread and toss in a large bowl with raisins and caraway seeds  . stale bread may be used instead of fresh  . toss apples in a bolw with bread cubes  . combine apple and sunflower butter or tahini cup water miso amazake or soy milk then pour liquid mixture over apples and bread  . stir to coat  . spoon mixture into a lightly oiled quart casserole dish or two inch pie plates or cake pans  . cover with lid oven proof  . allow mixture to sit for to hours before baking so bread will soak up flavors  . bake covered at f for hour or until slightly firm and mixture pulls away from sides slightly  . then remove from oven and spoon into individual dessert cups  . an ice cream scooper works well  . allow to cool slightly and then serve  .
saute the onion and potato and kielbasa in a little bit of oil add the chicken stock and simmer til potato is tender  . save several whole brussel sprouts and cut them in half  . chop the rest of the brussel sprouts in the food processor into small bits  . add the brussel sprouts to the soup and cook until the whole brussel sprouts are just tender  . serve giving each bowl of soup a few of the whole sprouts as garnish  .
cook spaghetti  . meanwhile shape ground beef into oval patties about inch thick  . in large beef fry patties until browned on both sides  . sprinkle with salt  . remove patties to platter  . add onion to drippings in pan and cook until tender  . add garlic mushrooms and peppers  . cook until tender crisp  . drain off fat  . stir the oregano and spaghetti sauce into vegetables and heat to boiling  . simmer for minute  . return beef patties to beef  . top each with a cheese slice and heat through  . drain spaghetti place on plate  . with pancake turner transfer patties and sauce over spaghetti  . garnish with fresh oregano if desired  . serves  .
combine pumpkin butter and eggs  . add remaining ingredients and stir  . pour into oiled loaf pans or muffin tins  . bake at degrees for minutes or until tops brown  . to give as gifts bake in oiled empty coffee or tea tins  . makes loaves  .
preheat oven to deg f f. line a x pan with aluminum foil extending ends of foil over the sides of the pan  . grease and flour the foil  . set aside  . in a medium sauce pan melt cup butter stir in cups sugar and cup cocoa  . remove from heat beat in eggs one at a time until blended  . stir in flour and vanilla until blended  . stir in cup pecans  . pour into prepared pan and bake for minutes until cake tester comes out clean  . cool on wire rack  . mean while make frosting  . in a medium bowl combine powdered sugar and cocoa  . beat in butter and vanilla  . beat in enough milk to make frosting smooth and spreadable to tablespoons  . lift brownie out of pan by lifting foil ends  . spread top with frosting  . cut into squares  . sprinkle with remaining pecans and serve on a platter  .
mix the stuff together and spread it into an x x greased pan  . bake for minutes at f f. sprinkle with confectioners sugar when done if desired  .
blenderize ingredients until smooth heat over low temperature until hot serve over steamed fresh vegetables makes about cups
preheat oven to f f. blend garlic onion parsley in food processor till finely minced  . add chick peas blend til lfinely chopped  . add lemon juice herbs spices  . squeeze water out of bread add to mixture  . process till well mixed  . form mixture into balls  . flatten each ball to form inch patties dredge in flour  . place on a lightly greased baking sheet  . bake for minutes turn bake for another minutes  . in a heavy beef heat half the oil over medium high heat  . add patties fry till golden brown crispy on the bottom  . turn patties add rest of oil fry till golden crispy then drain on paper towels  . serve with pita bread garnished with lettuce tomatoes cucumbers onions hot sauce see recipe  . vegetarian times july
crush banana chop crisped beef and mince apple  . mix add salt spread between buttered slices of bread and add lettuce leaf  .
string snow peas  . blanch in salted boiling water for seconds  . drain  . preheat wok  . put in corn oil  . heat  . add green onions and stir fry  . add water broth snow peas and salt  . bring to boil  . mix cornstarch with water  . thicken broth to mixture  . add sesame oil  . serve at once  .
bring chicken broth to a boil in a small saucepan  . cook about min  . or until reduced to c c. combine chicken broth remainingingredients in a jar cover tightly shake vigorously  . cover chill  . fat  .  . chol  .  .
the large downy leaves of the apple and pineapple mint leaves take up this coating very well which will not readily adhere to most of the varieties of the mint  . this is a nice confection that has many uses  . froth up the egg whites with a little water  . with a small brush paint the leaves with the egg white and dust both sides with the powdered sugar  . set each leaf on a sheet of wax paper and allow to dry  . they will dry with a frosty crystalized coating and make a nice garnish for desserts or a pleasant candy treat  .
warm your food grinder  . with medium blade grind figs raisins and nuts  . stir together with sugar and peanut butter  . add honey to soften enough to make fruit pliable  . with your hands make balls the size of small walnuts and roll in confectioners sugar  . place on a pretty plate or tray surround them with figs stuffed with candied cherries or nut halves for festive but fast disappearing centerpiece  .
a basket of golden potato shreds called a phoenix nest makes a handsome presentation for almost any stir fried dish  . after you eat the contents you break the next apart with fingers and nibble  . you can make one large next for a single entree or several small ones for individual servings  . because the nests are an open mesh plan to fill them with a stir fried dish that has a light glaze rather than a heavy gravy  . to make a phoenix nest you need sieves of the same size one to act as a form and one to hold the shreds in place as they cook  . to hold the cooking oil use a deep pan or wok in which the sieves will fit comfortably  . to determine how much oil to use place an empty sieve in the pan then pour in enough oil to cover at least of the sieve  . nests are made of potato sweet potato or taro root  . if made ahead stack nests separated by paper towels and seal in a plastic bag  . they can be stored at room temperature for up to days  . squeeze potato by the handful to eliminate liquid then place in a bowl  . sprinkle cornstarch over potato and toss to distribute cornstarch evenly and loosen shreds  . arrange a handful of shreds inside one sieve in a latticework over the bottom and at least halfway up the side  . fit second sieve inside first  . heat oil to degrees on a deep frying thermometer place sieve in pan and cook nest until golden brown about or minutes  . remove from oil and lift of top sieve  . loosen edge of nest with tip of a sharp knife then gently remove nest and drain on paper towels  . makes to four inch nests  .
preheat oven to f f. in a inch glass baking dish toss olive oil and beets  . sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste  . place in oven for minutes  . toss in garlic cloves and bake another minutes tossing occasionally until beets are tender  . place in blender and add remaining ingredients  . puree until smooth  . adjust with salt and pepper to taste  . makes servings  . note this makes an excellent accompaniment to grilled sausages and mashed potatoes or potato pancakes  . per serving calories fat g cholesterol mg sodium mg percent calories from fat sandy szwarc dallas morning news typos by bobbie beers
wash and hull strawberries cut in half  . slice ends off orange quarter orange lengthwise and slice orange wedges crosswise with rinds left on as thin as possible  . put strawberries and oranges in a bowl mix well  . mix together the orange juice and sweet vermouth and drizzle over fruit mixture stir to mix  . check to see if berries have enough natural sweetness for your taste if not add sweetener  . cover bowl and chill in refrigerator hours before serving stir gently several times to blend flavors  . food exchanges per serving fruit exchange cal cho g pro g fat g sod mg cho mg low sodium diets this recipe is excellent  .
in a pot saute garlic in olive oil  . add all sauce ingredients except cream and cheese  . simmer while pasta is cooking in a separate pot  . when pasta is done add cream to sauce  . place drained pasta on a platter  . pour sauce over pasta and toss  . serve with grated cheese  . typo s by connie robertson clonnie cyberhighway net cyberhighway.net
lb beef spareribs cut in half tb sugar green onions to inches long c soy sauce tb rice water or dry sherry tb water tb rice vinegar or white vinegar use a sharp knife to cut between the spareribs  . put the green onions in the bottom of a large saucepan  . place the spareribs on top of the green onions  . add the water vinegar sugar soy sauce and water  . cover and bring to a boil over high heat then reduce heat to low  . cook about hours then serve hot  . makes about servings  . note this recipe is really nice and good for weekends  . i suggest you serve it with white rice to soak up all the liquid  . i think the name is supposed to indicate how simple it is it s from an old chinese cookbook  .
in a greased x inch baking pan arrange a layer of chicken top with a layer of beef then a layer of cheese  . to prepare sauce melt tablespoons butter and add flour and thyme  . combine egg and milk and add slowly to flour mixture  . continue cooking stirring constantly until smooth and thickened  . pour over chicken  . combine teaspoons melted butter and dry breadcrumbs  . spread over sauce  . bake at f for minutes or until heated through  . makes servings  . typed in mmformat by cjhartlin msn com msn.com source ontario milk marketing board
combine soup mix and boiling water and let stand min  . mix hamburg bread crumbs salt and eggs well then add the soup mix and mix well  . put in greased loaf pan and bake min  . then spread ketchup on top and continue to bake until done  .
place all ingredients in blender and blend until smooth  . served chilled  .
cut turkey wings at joints and discard tips  . arrange meatier wing portions in shallow baking dish and season to taste with paprika salt white pepper and garlic salt  . bake at f until golden brown turning as needed to brown evenly about minutes  . gradually stir chicken broth into flour until smooth  . add green pepper onion and tomatoes  . pour sauce over turkey wings and continue baking at f hours or until tender  .
cut drained bean curd into small cubes  . drain syrup from the pineapple retaining tb of it  . dissolve cornflour in this  . stir in sherry soy sauce  . add bean curd let stand for minutes  . heat oil in a wok stir fry the marinated bean curd till the liquid has been absorbed  . remove drain  . add a little more oil stir fry the green onion bean sprouts pineapple for minute  . add bean curd cook for minutes  . serve with boiled rice  . jack santa maria chinese vegetarian cookery
sift together the flour baking powder baking soda and salt  . with the electric beater on low fluff the shortening in a small bowl until soft and creamy  . add the sugar gradually  . beat in the eggs in a slow stream  . with a fork beat in of the flour mixture the bananas another of the flour mixture the rest of the bananas then the last of the flour mixture  . fold in the walnuts  . turn into a greased and floured baking unit or a quart mold and cover  . place on a rack in the slow cooker  . cover the cooker but prop the lid open with a toothpick or a twist of foil to let the excess steam excape  . cook on high for to hours  . cool on a rack for minutes  . serve warm  . makes to servings
in quart sauce pan over medium high heat in hot butter cook garlic with oregano in oregano.in a large bowl drizzle butter mixture over popcorn toss with cheese makes cheese.makes cups  .
in a large beef saute onions celery bell pepper and parsley in peanut oil until onions are clear or tender  . add garlic and cook a little longer  . add steak sauce hot sauce and ketchup  . salt to taste  . add southern comfort  . bring to a boil  . lower heat and cover  . cook for to hours  . this sauce can be stored in the refrigerator for several weeks  . makes quarts to gallon  . justin says this is not to drink no  . it s to use as a bubba que sauce but it also too is mighty fine for soppin  . from justin wilson s outdoor cooking with inside help
recipe by the new mcdougall cookbook preparation time combine all fo the ingredients in a sacuepan  . bring to a boil cover reduce the heat and cook for mintues  . let rest for minutes before serving  . this may also be made in a slow cooker overnight  . combine all of the ingredients and cook on low for to hours  . calories  . grams fat per serving  .
combine the marinade ingredients in a non reactive dish  . place the chops in the dish making sure the chops are covered thoroughly with the marinade  . preheat the grill  . remove the lamb chops from the marinade  . place them on the grill  . make sure to get nice grill marks on both sides  . cook for minutes on each side for medium  . scoop out a portion of mint rice custard onto a dinner plate  . remove your perfectly cooked lamb from the grill and place two chops criss crossed on top of the custard  . garnish with chopped mint  . yield portions essence of emeril show ee
marinate the tripe in the oil and vinegar for half an hour  . clean and prepare the onions and mushrooms and saute in the butter for two or three minutes  . remove from the frying pan and set aside  . stir in the flour and mix in the tomato puree about t plus the water  . season with salt and pepper  . grease a fireproof casserole and put in half the tripe  . cover with a layer of the onions and mushrooms and sprinkle on half the breadcrumbs  . repeat this and finally pour on the tomato sauce  . top with the breadcrumbs  . bake in the oven for minutes at f f. remove and garnish with chopped parsley before serving  .
one of the old standbys this was served in many of the roadside diners that catered to truck drivers  . it soon became a favorite of just about everybody  . yield servings each round steak cut about inch thick about lbs large eggs tbls milk cup unbleached flour salt and freshly ground pepper to taste tbls butter or margarine recipe cream gravy see sauces cut the steak crosswise into serving pieces  . place one piece between two sheets of plastic wrap then using a rolling pin or meat pounder pound to a inch thickness  . repeat with the remaining pieces  . in a pie plate beat the milk and eggs together in a second pie plate combine the flour and the seasonings together  . dip each piece of steak first into the egg mixture then into the flour mixture coating completely  . shake gently to remove the excess flour mixture  . melt the butter in a inch beef using medium heat fry the steaks two at a time about minutes on a side or until golden brown on each side  . serve with biscuits and cream gravy  . each serving without gravy contains cal pro fat carbohydrates
mix sugar and water  . chill  . add fruit juices and bananas right away  . freeze and then break into pieces  . add strawberries and up  . taken from it never turns out the same way cookbook a collection of recipes from the kitchen of joyce and clem kohl
mix meat onion spices in a saucepan  . add boiling water  . simmer uncovered for minutes stirring occasionally  . skim off any fat  . preheat oven to f f. roll out half of the pastry and line pie plate  . place filling in pie plate and cover with the remaining pastry  . prick with a fork  . bake at f for minutes or till golden  . serve piping hot topped with homemade ketchup or chili sauce  . serves traditionally this is eaten hot after midnight mass on christmas eve  . source harrowsmith cookbook
heat the olive oil in a large frying pan and saute garlic until golden brown  . remove and discard  . add the broccoli to the pan shaking and stirring five to minutes or until heated through  . add the pasta and stir until heated through  . turn into a platter and sprinkle with parmesan cheese and salt and pepper to taste  .
deeply score cut sides of potatoes using a sharp knife  . cover skinside with foil  . combine remaining ingredients brush cut sides with margarine mixture  . grill potatoes cut side up to inches from medium coals min basting with margarine mixture every min  . turn potatoes grill min  . turn potatoes baste with remainingmargarine mixture  . grill min  . fat  .  . chol  .  . food exchanges per seving starch bread exchange fat exchange source unknown reformated you and yours via nancy o brion and her meal master  .
thread bananas and apples on soaked wooden skewers  . combine ginger syrup vinegar cilantro and oil  . grill skewers brushing them frequently with ginger syrup mixture until lightly browned and crisp  . combine relish ingredients and place in a pretty bowl for serving  . serve warm  . essence of emeril show ee
slit wieners lengthwise to make pockets  . stuff each pocket with a strip of cheese  . wrap each wiener with a slice of beef and fasten ends with toothpicks  . broil to inches form heat turning frequently for minutes or until beef is crisp  . serve in buns  .
note chicken should be about pounds and cut into serving pieces  . wash and dry the chicken  . in a frying pan heat the oil or butter and sear the chicken over high heat turning constantly to avoid burning the chicken  . remove each piece when reddish in color  . lower the heat and saute the onion until soft adding butter while stirring  . for a thicker sauce add the flour and cook minutes then add the water and tomatoes  . simmer until thickened then strain the sauce into a baking serving casserole  . sprinkle the herbs over the chicken season lightly with salt and pepper and shake the casserole gently  . chicken should be almost covered with liquid if not add a little water  . cover tightly and simmer over low heat or transfer to a medium oven f to bake for hour or until the chicken is tender and the sauce thick  . serve warm  .
in a bowl cover the noodles in lukewarm water and let stand to soften about minutes for fresh noodles or about minutes for dry noodles  . drain and cut into inch lengths if desired  . set aside  . in a small bowl combine the fish sauce vinegar sugar and paprika catsup or tomato paste  . set aside  . heat a wok or saute pan over high heat  . add the oil and swirl to coat the pan  . add the beef or chicken garlic and chili and stir fry for minute  . stir in the drained noodles and the reserved fish sauce mixture and stir fry about seconds  . push the noodles to one side pour in about a tablespoon more oil if necessary and add the eggs cook just until slightly set then break them up  . add the shrimp and stir fry just until they turn pink  . add most of the bean sprouts the green onion and cup of the peanuts and stir fry until the sprouts and onions are crisp tender to minutes  . remove from the heat and transfer to a serving plate  . sprinkle with the chopped cilantro remaining cup peanuts and dried shrimp  . garnish with the remaining bean sprouts cilantro sprigs and lemon or lime wedges and serve immediately  . diners squeeze lemon or lime juice to taste  . serves as a pasta course or as a main course
start by heating the oil in a frying pan  . brown the chopped onion and garlic for a few minutes  . take the chicken pieces and brown them with the onion and garlic mixture  . brown the pieces evenly turning often  . this should take about minutes  . sprinkle a little flour over the chicken  . add salt and pepper if desired  . add the water and remaining ingredients  . reduce heat and simmer covered for hour  . notes chicken in a water sauce this is a very nice simple chicken dish  . yield serves  . this dish is best served over rice  . check the amount of water in the pan every so often  . add a little more if needed  .
crumble ground beef into a quart microwave safe casserole add onion  . microwave on high for minutes or until no longer pink stirring once  . drain stir to break meat into smaller pieces  . add tomato sauce water and spaghetti  . cover with casserole lid  . microwave minutes or until spaghetti is tender stirring twice  . serve with parmesan cheese  .
c new mexican chiles dried crushed c anchos dried ground tb salt tb fresh thyme tb dry mustard combine all the ingredients and reserve  .
we used diced tomatoes  . heat the vegetable oil in a large beef and fry onion until golden  . add garlic green pepper tumeric and cayenne pepper and fry for minutes  . add tomato juice or tomatoes and cumin and cook for minutes  . next add black eyed peas and a little water if needed  . let it simmer for minutes  . stir in lemon juice  . serve over rice or cous cous  . taken from my friend lori nitzsche
saute squash and onion in oil until barely tender  . add garlic salt or fresh garlic chilies corn and cheese mix well  . put in buttered quart casserole and bake at for minutes  .
brown beef well  . add green pepper and onion saute until done  . season with salt pepper chili powder and cumin  . meanwhile in double boiler over simmering water melt velveeta with rotel tomatoes  . to serve place a layer of lettuce and tomatoes on individual serving plates  . cover with hot meat mix  . sprinkle with doritos  . ladle over hot cheese sauce  .
process pecans and wafers separately combine in food processor with sugar  . slowly pour in liqueur until mixture forms a ball  . you might not need the whole amount depending on the humidity level  . if mixture gets too wet put it in the refrigerator uncovered overnight to dry out some  . shape into small balls roll in additional finely chopped pecans  . store in tightly sealed container  . yield not nearly enough  . vicki s notes one christmas eve i had to work but i took a break to pop in a bookstore  . they were having an open house and i managed to snarf a lot of these morsels during those stolen minutes after christmas i came back to hunt down the clerk who brought these my finest bit of sleuthing yet  ... these are equally enjoyed and requested by my friends  . although some have tried other liqueurs including bourbon the results are never as good as the original i substitute oreos for the wafers plus use only c confec sugar don t worry about the cookies filling because it is nothing more than confec sugar  .
heat oven to degrees  . brush tablespoon oil on bottom of rectangular pan x x inches  . cut eggplant into twelve inch slices  . spoon about tablespoon pizza sauce onto each of eggplant slices  . top each with slice cheese cut or fold cheese if necessary to fit and with remaining eggplant slices beat slices.beat eggs and milk  . mix bread crumbs and parsley in shallow dish  . dip each sandwich into egg mixture then into crumb mixture turning to coat both sides  . press crumb mixture into and around edges to coat entire sandwich place sandwich.place sandwiches in pan  . drizzle with remaining oil  . cover pan with aluminum foil  . bake minutes  . remove foil and turn sandwiches  . bake to minutes longer or until sandwiches are golden brown and eggplant is tender  . sandwiches calories per sandwich  .
in a small saucepan warm chopped chocolate tbsp butter and cup whipping cream over low heat  . stir occasionally until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth  . cool  . generously grease a springform pan  . in a medium bowl combine grated chocolate and cup finely crushed candy  . sprinkle cup over bottom and halfway up pan  . set aside  . in large mixer bowl beat cups butter brown sugar and vanilla until light and fluffy  . add eggs at a time beating with an electric mixer a full minutes after each addition  . this is very important and necessary  . fold in whipped cream and cup coarsely crushed candy  . turn of cream mixture into pan  . drizzle melted and cooled chocolate mixture over surface to within inch of outside edge  . smooth chocolate layer  . gently spoon remaining cream mixture over chocolate smooth top  . sprinkle with remaining chocolate candy mixture  . using the back of a spoon lightly press into surface of torte  . cover and freeze at least hours  . torte may be tightly covered and frozen up to month  . to loosen torte run a thin knife around inside edge of pan remove side  .
soften yeast in lukewarm milk  . if compressed yeast is used allow to stand minutes  . if dry yeast is used allow to stand minutes  . add salt shortening sugar and eggs  . add flour a little at a time beating thoroughly after each addition until the dough is just stiff enough to knead on lightly floured board  . knead until smooth and elastic  . cover with a damp cloth set in a warm place and allow to rise until double in bulk  . the dough made with dry yeast will need to rise overnight in a warm place  . work down  . allow to rise the second time  . turn onto lightly floured board  . roll out in circular shape  . cut into sections as you would pie having each section about inches wide at the outer edge  . begin at the outside and roll each section toward the center  . form into crescents  . place in well oiled baking pans  . cover and let rise until treble in bulk  . bake in hot oven f minutes  . rolls  . mrs mrs. k r k.r  . little falls mn  .
directions melt t margarine in a nonstick beef coated with cooking spray over medium heat  . add shallot and mushrooms saute minutes  . add c water and c consomme cook minutes stirring frequently  . remove mushrooms and place in a bowl  . increase heat to high cook water mixture minutes or until reduced to c c. add to mushrooms in bowl set aside  . wipe beef with a paper towel  . sprinkle pepper over steaks  . melt remaining margarine in beef coated with cooking spray over medium heat  . add steaks cook minutes on each side or until browned  . reduce heat to medium low cook minutes on each side or until done  . place on a platter keep warm  . combine soy sauce and cornstarch stir well  . add remaining water and consomme to beef scrape beef with a wooden spoon to loosen browned bits  . bring to a boil cook minute  . add mushroom mixture cornstarch mixture and dried thyme bring to a boil and cook minute stirring constantly  . serve with steaks  . garnish with fresh thyme  . nutritional info calories from fat protein  . g fat . g sat  . g mono  . g poly  . g carb  . g fiber  . g chol mg iron  . mg sodium mg calc mg reprinted from cooking light website http www cookinglight www.cookinglight.com
preheat the fryer  . season the chicken with essence  . season cup of the flour and bread crumbs with essence  . dip each strip of chicken in the flour  . dip each strip in the egg wash letting the excess drip off  . dredge the strips in the bread crumbs coating each strip completely  . in a large saute pan over medium heat melt two tablespoons of the butter  . pan fry the chicken in batches using another tablespoons of butter until golden brown on each side about to minutes on each side  . remove the chicken from the pan and place on a paper lined plate  . season the chicken with essence  . using a paper towel wipe the saute pan clean  . melt the remaining butter in the saute pan  . stir in the remaining flour and cook for minute  . add the onions and saute for minutes  . season with salt and pepper  . add the mushrooms and continue to saute for minutes  . season with salt and pepper  . add the artichokes lemon juice and garlic and continue to saute for minutes  . season with salt and pepper  . stir in the heavy cream and bring the liquid to a simmer  . cook the mixture until the cream thickens and the sauce coats the back of a spoon about to minutes  . remove the sauce from the heat and stir in the parsley  . reseason if needed  . fry the spinach leaves in the hot oil for about seconds  . remove the spinach from the oil and drain on a paper lined plate  . season the spinach with salt and pepper  . to serve spoon the grits in the center of each plate  . lay four strips of chicken on top of each plate of grits  . spoon the mushroom and artichoke sauce over the chicken  . garnish with fried spinach  . yield servings emeril live show emia
combine soup mix water sugar and spices  . mix well in a shallow baking dish  . layer half potatoe onion and apples pour soup mix over top  . bake hours at  .
x potato x onion c walnuts or pecans ground t oil c cooked oatmeal c bread crumbs t salt t sage t soy sauce in blender grind together potato onion and nuts  . saute mixture in oil until soft  . add remaining ingredients  . mix throughly  . form into burger patties and fry until brown on both sides or bake on oiled sheet in degree oven until brown  .
combine ingredients in a small bowl and stir until smooth  . serve with crisp raw julienne of carrot celery zucchini and snowpeas  . nutritional analysis for total recipe kilojoules calories g fat g carbohydrate total recipe carbohydrate exchange  .
combine all ingredients in a blender  . whip up batter until smooth  . it can rest for minutes to overnight in the refrigerator  . heat a inch beef and when hot put a few drops of oil on the bottom  . rotate the pan to coat the bottom  . pour cup of batter into pan and immediately tilt and coat the pan so batter forms an evn later over the whole bottom  . cook over medium high heat until the top starts to dry up and the edges loosen  . slide pancake turner under it flip over and cook the other side  . besides serving as litle omelets these can be rolled up like crepes  . especially good wrapped around some sauteed mushrooms or ratatouille  .
mousse melt chocolate in medium bowl over hot water set over low heat  . stir until smooth  . remove from water  . whisk egg yolks with tbsp  . sugar and water in a small bowl  . set bowl in a pan of simmering water  . heat whisking constantly until mixture reaches degrees  . remove from heat and immediately whip with mixer until cool  . add chocolate all at once  . stir until smooth  . add kirsh  . whip cream with remaining tbsp  . sugar until stiff  . fold into chocolate mixture  . pour mousse in lightly oiled cup ring mold  . smooth top  . cover freeze at least hours until set  . to unmold mousse rinse metal spatula with very hot water dry quickly and run spatula around rings outer edge and center  . dip mold into tepid water to come halfway up its side for seconds  . set platter on top of mold  . quickly invert mold and platter  . shake gently downward  . carefuly lift up mold  . smooth top of mousse with spatula  . freeze minutes  . garnish reserve whole berries  . quarter remaining berries lengthwise mix with kirsh and tbsp  . sugar  . spoon into center of mousse  . whip cream with tbsp  . sugar spoon around dessert  . garnish with whole berries  .
sift the flour baking powder and mixed spice rub in the margerine and beef add the sugar currants and beaten egg  . mix in milk to make a stiff dough and roll out thick  . cut into rounds and bake on a hot griddle until golden brown after about minutes on each side  . british cookery bta bfpc
use a quart casserole with lid  . an earthenware casserole is preferable especially if you wish to add a touch of spain to a dinner party  . however i know that good earthenware is hard to find today  . i have casseroles that i ve had for years  . heat oil in casserole  . saute onion and pepper until transparent  . add garlic parsley tomato bay leaf nutmeg cumin and thyme  . mix well cover and cook over low heat until mushy about minutes  . the saffron should be toasting on the lid in the little brown paper  . add the shrimp to the saute and cook until it turns pink  . dissolve the saffron in the cup hot water  . combine with water lemon juice salt and hot sauce  . pour into casserole stir to mix and cook covered minutes more  . now add the rice and the cups of water  . distribute ingredients well in casserole  . bring to a quick boil stir once and place in preheated degree f f. oven for only minutes ni un minuto mas remove from oven uncover and garnish with peas pimientos and parsley  . pour water over all  . cover again and allow to stand minutes longer before serving  .
using mallet lightly pound chicken between sheets of plastic wrap to inch thickness  . season chicken with salt and pepper  . melt butter in large beef over medium high heat  . add chicken to beef and saute just until cooked through about minutes per side  . transfer chicken to platter cover with foil and keep warm  . add vermouth lemon juice and lemon peel to beef boil minute scraping up browned bits  . add cream broth and any juices accumulated from chicken boil until reduced to sauce consistency about minutes  . mix in cup parmesan  . season sauce with salt and pepper  . pour sauce around chicken  . sprinkle with cup parmesan and parsley and serve with egg noodles  .
cinnamon basil and cinnamon liqueur are an alternative  . prepare jars lids and boiling water bath  . wash and dry the apricots then prick each one several times  . combine the water anisette and sugar in a pan and cook over a med high heat stirring frequently until the mixture boils and the sugar is dissolved  . add the apricots and simmer for mins  . fill each hot dry jar with the fruit and two fennel springs leaving inch headspace  . pour hot liquid over the fruit until just covered  . wipe the rims with a clean towel and attach the lids securely  . place the jars in boiling water bath and when the water returns to boil process for mins  .
melt chocolate  . dissolve gelatin with ounce of water  . place cream cheese and sugar in mixing bowl  . use medium speed for minutes  . when mixture is soft and creamy add melted white chocolate and gelatin  . mix for two minutes  . add whipped cream and sundried cherries  . to assemble grease a inch mold with butter and cover sides with the shortbread crumbles  . pour caramel delite crumbles on bottom then pour the cheesecake mixture over the first layer of cookies cookies.. on top of that pour the praline royale mixture  . alternate the cheese and cookie layers  .
preheat the oven to degrees and preheat two inch cast iron skillets in the oven for minutes  . in a mixing bowl combine the cornmeal flour sugar salt and baking powder  . fold in the egg buttermilk milk butter and pureed chipotles  . brush the preheated pans with shortening and immediately pour in the batter approximately three fourths of the way up  . bake for minutes or until the cornbread is brown around the edges and firm  . cut each cornbread into wedges  . yield pieces grillin and chillin show gr
cut broccoli stalks lengthwise into thin spears  . place steamer basket in water in saucepan or beef water should not touch the bottom of basket  . place broccoli in basket  . cover tightly and heat to boiling reduce heat  . steam until tender about minutes  . cook and stir mushrooms bouillion and thyme in margaine until mushrooms are hot about minutes  . toss with broccoli  . food exchanges per serving about vegetables exchange fat exchange i cook this as a side dish and use the microwave to reduce the fat exchange  . also i added a tad bit of onion source betty crocker s new american cooking by whom brought to you and yours via nancy o brion and her meal master  .
note more water makes the granola chunkier less makes it crumbly  . preheat oven to f f. in a large bowl or pot combine oats nuts seeds millet flour and salt  . mix together honey water and vanilla and stir into dry ingredients  . spread on a lightly oiled baking sheet and squeeze mixture together to form small chunks but don t crowd the chunks need to bake clear through  . roast until golden brown about to minutes  . with the larger amount of water reduce heat and bake longer  . as it bakes the granola may need stirring to brown evenly  . cool thoroughly before storing  . variations replace part of the water with the freshly squeezed juice of oranges and add the grated rinds if the oranges were not sprayed with pesticides or use teaspoons orange oil  . for gingerbread granola use half molasses for half honey and add teaspoons cinnamon teaspoon ginger and teaspoon cloves  . for a nice change substitute maple syrup for honey  .
. soak beans overnight or quick soak according to package directions  . drain  . combine beans water bay leaf thyme and pepper flakes in dutch oven  . simmer covered minutes or just until the beans are tender do not overcook  . drain rinse the beans under cold running water  . can be prepared up to this point days ahead and refrigerated  . . combine oil lemon rind and juice garlic dill parsley and salt in blender or food processor  . whirl just until smooth  . toss with beans  . scrape into shallow serving dish cover and refrigerate at least hours or up to a day  . . separate hard cooked egg yolks and whites and press through sieve  . garnish top of beans with chopped olives green onions and sieved eggs  . serve cold  .
skin and bone fresh fish  . put in boiling salted water and cook until tender  . soak hard bread over night  . put the soaked bread into cold water bring slowly to the boil and cook only until tender minutes  . fry out small pieces of fat beef  . add the cooked fish then the cooked brewis  . toss lightly and heat thoroughly  .
in a large kettle or dutch oven brown the beef beef and onions in hot wesson oil  . add salt and pepper to taste  . add remaining ingredients  . stir well  . cover and simmer to hours until meat is tender and chili is thick and bubbly  . stir occasionally  . serves
broiled pineapple is a tasty alternative to a traditional bed of rice or pasta  . pare pineapple  . cut crosswise into slices about i inch thick  . spray broiler pan rack with nonstick cooking spray  . arrange pineapple on rack in broiler pan  . cook ground beef and onion in inch nonstick beef over medium heat stirring frequently until beef is light brown drain  . stir in remaining ingredients  . heat to boiling reduce heat  . simmer uncovered about minutes stirring occasionally until bell pepper is crisp tender  . set oven control to broil  . broil pineapple with tops to inches from heat minutes turn  . broil to minutes longer or until hot and bubbly  . serve beef mixture on pineapple slices  . microwave directions prepare pineapple as directed arrange pineapple slices in deep round microwavable platter  . cover with waxed paper crumble beef in quart microwavable casserole  . add onion  . cover tightly and microwave on high to minutes stirring after minutes until beef is done drain  . stir in remaining ingredients  . cover tightly and microwave to minutes stirring after minutes until bell pepper is crisp tender let stand covered minutes  . microwave pineapple on high about minutes or until hot  . ser ve beef mixture on pineapple slices  . servings nutrition information per serving percent of u s u.s. rda calories protein protein g vitamin a carbohydrate g vitamin c fat g thiamin cholesterol mg riboflavin sodium mg niacin potassium mg calcium iron
saute celery onion and garlic in butter  . stir in remaining ingredients  . bake in greased casserole dish at degrees for minutes  . makes serving  .
. peel potatoes and onion slice into strips and grind or process in blender  .  . beat eggs with salt and pepper  . stir in potato mixture  . then gradually stir in enough flour to make a thick batter  .  . heat to tablespoons oil in a large frying pan  . using a scoop gently drop potato mixture into hot oil  . form a round shape  . cook to minutes per side or until well browned  . drain on paper towel  . add more oil as needed  . makes to latkes  .
. cut the upper jaw bone of the moose just below the eyes  . . place in a large kettle of scalding water and boil for minutes  . . remove and chill in cold water  . . pull out all the hairs these will have been loosened by the boiling and should come out easily like plucking a duck  . . wash thoroughly until no hairs remain  . . place the nose in a kettle and cover with fresh water  . . add onion garlic spices and vinegar . bring to a boil then reduce heat and simmer until the meat is tender  . let cool overnight in the liquid  . . when cool take the meat out of the broth and remove and discard the bones and the cartilage  . you will have two kinds of meat white meat from the bulb of the nose and thin strips of dark meat from along the bones and jowls  . . slice the meat thinly and alternate layers of white and dark meat in a loaf pan  . . reheat the broth to boiling then pour the broth over the meat in the loaf pan  . . let cool until jelly has set  . slice and serve cold  . i must confess i have not yet tried this recipe mainly for lack of a moose nose  ... but sometime maybe  ... northern cookbook from the ministry of indian affairs ottawa canada edited by eleanor a a. ellis
prepare pudding mix with milk as directed on package  . fold in whipped topping  . stir in cup cookies and the rocks into the pudding mixture  . spoon the mixture into the pie shell  . sprinkle with remaining cookies  . freeze until firm  . garnish with gummy worms or gumdrops if desired  . let stand minutes at room temperature before serving  . store leftover pie in freezer  . makes servings  .
saute sausage chicken onions bell pepper and garlic until sausage and chicken are browned  . add the water salt cayenne bay leaf and tomato paste  . bring to a boil with the lid on  . when water boils add the shrimp and the raw rice  . stir and lower fire  . let rice simmer stirring every five minutes until rice is cooked  . yield servings  .
melt the butter add the flour and when well mixed add the milk  . cook until it thickens and then remove from the fire  . add the salt cayenne carrots and the well beaten yolks  . cool the mixture and add the well beaten whites by cutting and folding  . pour into a buttered baking dish and bake minutes in a slow f f. oven  . serve at once  .
i just made these and they are so sweet that i think my lips are now permanently puckered quart whole milk heated to a temp of f  . i did this in a large fry pan  . stir in well beaten egg yolks  . do this quickly dissolve rennett tablets in tbsp cold water this is a little difficult  . i had to really smash them up  . when dissolved add it to the milk mixture  . cover i used a small towel and leave it in a warm spot for about hour  . when the mixture looks set take a knife and cut down the middle vertically and horizontally and then cut through the center of each triangle again  . put the mixture back on the stove on the lowest setting  . i had to put the grid from the other side of my cooktop on top of the other grid to get the temperature low enough  . if it looks like it s boiling the temp is too high  . when the pieces start to move apart from each other about minutes later you will need to add pound piloncillo or light brown sugar around the spaces in between each piece  . this takes a little time and patience  . let it cook for more hours on this low setting  . when done let it cool at room temperature  . then roll the pieces up starting at the tip and secure with a toothpick  . put the pieces in another dish and pour the syrup from the pot over the chongos  . they should be eaten at room temperature and can be stored for a few days in the refrigerator but can not be frozen  . this is the perfect dish for someone craving something sweet p s p.s  . almost forgot stick a few pieces of cinnamon around with the brown sugar  .
position racks in the upper and middle thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to f  . in a large bowl stir together cups of the flour the masa baking powder and salt  . with a pastry cutter blend in the butter and shortening until the mixture resembles a coarse and slightly lumpy meal  . stir in the buttermilk until a soft crumbly dough is formed  . sprinkle the work surface with half of the remaining flour  . turn the dough out gather it into a ball and briefly knead it just until it holds together  . flatten the dough sprinkle it with the rest of the flour and roll it out about inch thick  . with a round inch cutter form the biscuits transferrring them to ungreased baking sheets and spacing them about inches apart  . gather the scraps into a ball roll it out to inch thick and cut out the remaining biscuits  . set the baking sheets on the racks and bake about minutes exchanging the position of the sheets on the racks from top to bottom and from front to back at the halfway point or until the biscuits are golden and crisp  . serve hot or warm  . note masa is not the same thing as cornmeal  . stores catering to hispanic population will have masa  . since masa contains no gluten these biscuits are especially tender  .
bring water to a boil  . add grits and simmer for minutes  . for thinner grits add more water  . set aside  . melt butter in a large beef over medium high heat add peppers and onion  . saute until tender about minutes  . add to grits along with cheeses  . add eggs and season with salt  . pour into a quart casserole and refrigerate until ready to cook  . bake in a preheated degree oven for minutes or until set  . serve immediately  .
in this popular cantonese teahouse specialty the rice noodles are permeated with an aromatic infusion of curry spices and herbs seasonings borrowed from indian and malay cooking both cuisines are indigenous to singapore  . cover mushrooms with warm water  . when soft and pliable remove and squeeze dry  . cut off and discard stems  . cut caps into thin slices  . bring a large pot of water to a boil  . add noodles using chopsticks stir and loosen noodles  . when soft and pliable about seconds drain them into a colander  . cover and let cool  . preheat wok until hot  . add tablespoons of the oil slice of the ginger the chicken shrimp and beef stir fry until shrimp and chicken feel firm to the touch about minute  . remove and set aside  . pick out and discard ginger  . to hot wok add remaining oil ginger and salt crushing ginger against sides of wok  . when oil is hot toss in onions celery snow peas mushrooms bell pepper and green onion stir fry until tender and crisp to minutes  . push vegetables to side of wok  . add curry powder to center of wok and lightly saute for seconds  . then add sugar soy sauce and chicken stock  . mix  . add noodles combine with vegetables by using chopsticks to lift shake and separate strands of noodles until they are evenly coated with sauce moist but not wet and begin to cling to each other  . add more chicken stock if noodles seem too dry  . return meat mix mixture taste for seasoning  . toss to heat through  . per serving calories g protein g carbohydrate g fat g saturated mg cholesterol mg sodium g fiber  . joyce jue writing in the san francisco chronicle  .
oz hunt s ketchup oz soy sauce oz worcestershire sauce tb garlic powder oz apple cider vinegar oz apple juice tb white pepper or to taste mix dry rub ingredients  . rub into beef ribs  . put rubbed ribs into the refrigerator fot to hours before cooking  . bring sauce ingredients to a boil  . then add i finely grated onion grated medium golden delicious apple and grated small bell pepper  . cook until desired thickness  . cook prepared ribs for about to hours over charcoal kept at to degrees  . baste occasionally with warm apple juice  . use soaked applewood chips in the fire to create a sweet flavor  . about minutes before serving brush ribs with finish sauce  . right before serving sprinkle on dry rub  . serve sauce on the side  . tip don t rush the cooking process  .
preheat the oven to f f. put the cut vegetables in a heavy baking pan  . roast in the oven uncovered stirring occasionally for about hour  . transfer the vegetables to a stockpot  . cover with quarts water  . bring to a boil and simmer covered for hour  . strain  . cool to room temperature and refrigerate for up to days or freeze for up to week  . makes cups  .
rinse split peas in cold water then add to stock in a large heavy pot  . add pumpkin onion beef salt and pepper mixed herbs and thyme  . simmer gently partly covered until peas and pumpkin are tender  . season to taste with salt and pepper and serve hot trimmed with parsley  . servings  . by lloyd tull le caribec from the gazette  .
in a large heavy beef cook onions in oil with salt and pepper to taste over moderate heat stirring until softened  . add jalapenos and cook stirring minute  . add honey or sugar and cook stirring minute  . add vinegar and simmer stirring until almost all liquid is evaporated  . add water and simmer stirring until mixture is slightly thickened and onions are very tender about minutes  . season marmalade with salt and pepper  . marmalade may be made days ahead and chilled covered  . reheat marmalade before serving  . yield cups cooking live show cl all recipes courtesy of gourmet magazine
stir butter buds lemon juice parsley and pepper together with hot water  . mix well  . note use on fish or vegetables
heat oven to degrees f f. line medium muffin cups with paper baking cups or spray the bottoms with non stick cooking spray  . combine the first ingredients mix well  . add the combined milk melted margarine and egg mix just until the dry ingredients are moistened  . fill the muffin cups full  . sprinkle with wheat germ  . bake for to minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean  . serve warm  . nutritional information per muffin calories g fat mg chol g fiber mg sodium variations apple cinnamon muffins add cup finely chopped apple and tsp cinnamon to the dry ingredients  . jam filled muffins fill the muffin cups full with batter  . spoon tsp jam any flavor into the center of each muffin top with the remaining batter  . dried fruit muffins add cup of any one of the following dried fruits to the dry ingredients raisins cherries blueberries cranberries chopped dates or diced dried mixed fruits  . berry good muffins add cup fresh or frozen berries do not thaw and tsp grated lemon peel to the dry ingredients  .
beat egg yolks gradually adding sugar  . sift dry ingredients together add to egg mixture  . stir in of beaten egg whites and pecans then fold in remaining whites  . line layer cake pans with wax paper butter and flour them  . fill and bake at degrees for minutes  . cool upside down on racks  . frost layers with whipped cream  . sprinkle with ground pecans  .
preheat oven to f f. toss together turnips potatoes onion with melted butter and place in a inch square or round baking dish  . cover tightly and place in preheated oven for minutes  . in a small pot on top of the stove combine milk nutmeg pepper and salt and bring to a boil  . immediately remove from heat  . remove turnip potato mixture from the oven remove cover and mix in half the cheese  . pour the milk over the potatoes and sprinkle with remaining cheese  . replace in oven uncovered another to minutes  . if the gratin is golden brown it s ready to serve  . if not preheat broiler  . place gratin under broiler about minutes to brown top before serving  . michael roberts prodigy guest chefs cookbook
combine bran flakes raisins and milk in large mixing bowl  . stir together whole wheat flour soy flour wheat germ baking powder nutmeg and salt set aside  . combine eggs honey oil and molasses in small bowl blend well  . add egg mixture to soaked bran flakes mix well  . add dry ingredients all at once to bran mixture stirring just enough to moisten  . spoon batter into paper lined inch muffin pan cups filling rds full  . bake in degrees f f. oven minutes or until golden brown  . serve hot with butter and homemade jelly or jam  .
in large bowl combine apples grapes celery walnuts and lemon juice  . mix yogurt and sour cream  . mix lightly into fruit mix  . refrigerate  . if desired serve on lettuce lined plates  . pat empson am food and water bb topic food software time am to pat empson pfxx a from pat empson pfxx a subject mm more apples
make espresso with water and coffee  . break cinnamon stick into small pieces and add to hot espresso  . allow to cool slightly  . add creme de cacao and brandy and stir gently  . pour into demitasse cups  . whip the cream and float a dollop on top of each cup  . garnish with grated chocolate or chocolate curls  . multiply proportions by six and it s perfect for a party  . serves
preheat oven to degrees  . spray cookie sheet with oil spray  . in bowl cream margarine and sugar until light and fluffy  . add egg whites with almond extract and food coloring mix well and set aside  . sift the flour baking soda and salt add to the creamed mixture  . knead only long enough to blend but not toughen to dough  . spoon onto prepared cookie sheet about in  . balls  . top with almonds  . bake for minutes  . food exchange per serving bread exchange cho og fat g cal brought to you and yours by nancy o brion and her meal master  .
soak the rolls in lukewarm milk  . saute the onion and parsley in butter then add along with the other ingredients to the soaked rolls and mix well into a firm mass  . if the mixture is too loose add a bit of plain breadcrumbs  . shape into dumplings put into barely boiling water and let steep for minutes  . transfer to clear beef broth and serve  . serves  . note based on the amount i would imagine this is fresh marjoram  . k b k.b  .
put the cheese through a meat grinder food processor and etc  . using the finest blade  . combine the cheese in a mixing bowl with all other ingredients  . mix well  . chill in the refrigerator  . remove from the refrigerator about a half hour before serving so the cheese may be spread easily  . a good bourbon may be substituted for brandy with excellent results  . makes about two cups  .
here s a poultry recipe that uses maple syrup and mustard a combo i sometimes use on bbq beef ribs  . looks good here  . use a sharp chef s knife or kitchen shears to cut the backbone and rib cage from the birds  . starting just to one side of the tail cut all the way to the other end right beside the backbone  . repeat on the other side  . you will now have removed the backbone and the hen will lie more or less flat  . this makes it easy to see the fans of the rib bones  . remove them too  . wipe the meat with a damp paper towel and set the hens aside  . put the mustard in a small bowl  . beat in the lemon juice with a wire whisk then beat in first the oil then the maple syrup  . sprinkle the peppercorns bay leaf and garlic in a shallow noncorrodible pan or bowl just large enough to hold the flattened hens in a single layer  . pour in about a quarter of the marinade  . add the meat cut side down and pour the remaining marinade over it  . cover tightly and refrigerate for day or at least a few hours turning from time to time  . remove the meat from the refrigerator about hour before cooking  . at cooking time move the rack so the hens will be in the upper third of the oven preheat oven to f  . drain excess marinade from the hens and arrange them cut side down in a shallow noncorrodible roasting pan  . roast for minutes baste raise the heat to f and roast for about minutes more  . do not turn the meat which should be well browned by the end of the cooking time  . serve garnished with the watercress  . serves  .
preheat the oven to degrees  . score the skin of the duck breasts and pat them dry  . season them with salt and pepper  . over medium high heat heat a large oven proof saute pan until very hot  . sear the duck skin side down until fat is rendered and the skin is golden  . pour off most of the rendered fat reserving tablespoons for later  . transfer the pan to the oven and finish roasting until medium rare about minutes  . in a saute pan heat the reserved duck fat  . add the shallots garlic ginger and pears  . cook stirring frequently for about minutes  . add the eau de vie balsamic vinegar and stock and cook over high heat about minutes until the mixture is slightly thick and the pears are tender  . remove from the heat and stir in the thyme walnuts and season with salt and pepper  . thinly slice each duck breast and serve with sauce  . garnish with thyme sprigs  . yield servings
dip container of frozen mix into hot water just to loosen  . in quart saucepan heat frozen mix water celery catsup brown sugar and worcestershire sauce to boiling  . reduce heat cover and simmer stirring frequently until mix is partially thawed about minutes  . uncover and simmer stirring occasionally until of desired consistency about minutes  . spoon onto bottom halves of buns top with remaining halves  .
fruit tea loaf fruit tea loaf wash the raisins and place in a bowl with the boiling water and baking soda  . cream the butter into the flour and oatmeal add the sugar and beaten egg then the fruit and water  . mix thoroughly and pour into a greased loaf tin  . bake at for hour  . gsd
this is to taste  . the original recipe called for tbls of molasses step prepare prewarm the thermometer in hot water use a quart saucepan butter the upper sides inside of the saucepan measure all ingredients except the vanilla and optionals and dump into the saucepan  . grease and if necessary line a x inch pan  . fill glass with ice cubes and water and the sink with inch of cold water  . step dissolve the sugar stirring constantly with a wooden spoon over low heat until the butter melts the gritty sounds cease and the spoon glides smoothly over the bottom of the pan  . increase the heat to medium and bring to a boil  . step boil after washing down any crystals that may have formed with a pastry brush dipped in hot water from the thermometer bath using as little water as possible  . introduce the prewarmed thermometer  . reduce the heat while keeping the fudge at a boil  . stir no more than necessary  . step test the fudge mixture in the ice cold water when the mixture thickens and bubbles become noisy  . ball formed in ice water should hold its shape until the heat from your had begins to flatten it and should be al dente slightly chewy between and and  . degrees c c.  . because of the molasses and brown sugar it can ball at a lower temperature than some other fudges  . step shock by placing the saucepan in the cold water in the sink  . step seed by adding without stirring the vanilla  . then allow to cool  . step stir when luke warm and skin forms on the top degrees f f.  . degrees c c.  . return the thermometer to its hot water bath to soak clean  . stir the fudge thoroughly but not vigorously by hand with an electric mixer or with a food processor  . pause frequently to allow the fudge to react  . step watch for the fudge to thicken lose its sheen and become lighter in color or streaked with lighter shade give off some heat suddenly stiffen  . if mixing by had the fudge will snap with each stroke by mixer mixer waves will become very distinct by food processor fudge will flow sluggishly back to the center when the processor is stopped  . step add the optionals cup chopped nuts walnuts pecans or hazelnuts filberts before the fudge totally candies  . step pour score and store when cool in an airtight container in the refrigerator or at room temperature  . yield pound of fudge  . recipe is easily doubled and can be frozen  . variations honey brown sugar fudge in step eleminate the unsweetened chocolate and replace the molasses with cup of honey  . the honey causes the fudge to ball at a higher temperature  . chocolate honey brown sugar fudge in step replace the heavy cream with light cream or evaporated milk and replace the molasses with cup of honey  . orange brown sugar fudge in step eleminate molasses chocolate but add tbl corn syrup  . in step add tbl grated orange zest plus if you can get it tsp of pure orange extract  . peanut butter brown sugar fudge in step eliminate the molasses and chocolate replace the heavy cream with cup of milk and cup of creamy peanut butter  . to intensify the peanut butter flavor add of a cup of salted peanuts in step  . praline brown sugar fudge in step eliminating the molasses is optional you ss get a more southern praline with it a milder one without it or compromise and use only tbls  . eliminate the chocolate  . in step when the mixture begins to thicken add cups of pecan halves slowly so as not to break the boil or cool the mixture too quickly  .
prep time minutes place seitan in an inch square cake pan  . allow to rest until it takes the shape of the pan  . place this pan inside a second larger pan that is half filled with water  . cover the larger pan  . bake in a pre heated oven at f f. for hour  . when seitan is done remove from the pan  . divide into eight equal pieces  . to gallon water add tamari kombu ginger and seitan steaks  . cover pot bring to a simmer and cook for about minutes  . if you are using a pressure cooker reduce liquid by one half and cook for to minutes  . you may leave steaks in the stock for several hours if you wish  . remove steaks from stock and drain  . brush with a little sauce and broil so they will be lightly browned  . serve steaks hot with additional sauce  . this recipe has been developed by bro  . ron pickarski as part of his work toward being a participant and finalist in the culinary olympics held in frankfurt germany  .
this punjabi dish with some variation in spices is eaten over all of northern india  . paneer is a fresh milk cheese with an interesting slightly chewy consistency  . it s easy to make but requires planning ahead  . you can substitute a diced or ounce cake of pressed tofu for it in this recipe  . container of an electric blender or food processor along with cup water and blend until you have a smooth paste  . leave paste in the blender container  . heat the oil in a heavy inch wide pot preferably teflon lined over a medium flame  . when hot put in the pieces of paneer or tofu in a single layer and fry them until they are golden brown on all sides  . this happens pretty fast  . with a slotted spoon remove fried paneer to a plate  . put the dried red pepper into the same oil  . within seconds turn the pepper over so that it browns on both sides  . now put in the contents of the blender keep your face averted as the paste might splatter  . fry stirring constantly for minutes or until paste turns light brown  . add the coriander and turmeric and fry stirring for another minute  . put in the minced tomatoes  . stir and fry for another to minutes or until tomatoes turn a dark reddish brown  . now pour in cups of the whey or water if you re using tofu  . add the salt and the black pepper  . mix well and bring to a boil  . cover lower heat and simmer gently for minutes  . lift cover and put in the paneer pieces and the peas  . cover and simmer for minutes or until peas are cooked  .
combine all of the ingredients in a food processor or blender and process until thick and smooth  . serve the drink over ice in tall glasses  .
in a qt pan melt butter over med  . heat  . add corn and garlic cook stirring until corn is hot and darker golden in color about min  . remove from heat  . whirl stock and c of the corn mixture in a food processor or blender until smooth add to remaining corn mixture in pan  . stir in milk oregano and chilies bring to a boil over med  . heat stirring constantly  . remove from heat and stir in cheese  . season to taste with salt  . garnish individual servings w tomato and cilantro  . makes servings  .
first cut coins per mice out of the carrots for ears  . then make long thin strips out of the remaining carrots for the tails one for each mouse  . steam until they are crisp tender  . don t overcook preheat oven to f  . mix together the ingredients for the mice bodies and shape into little mice shaped loafs on baking sheet  . have them shaped to a point in the front and rounded in the back  . bake for minutes in preheated oven or until desired doneness  . take and cut little slits for the ears about from the pointed end  . place the carrot coins in the slits for the ears  . make a tiny slit in the rounded wide end for the tail and place one of the carrot strips in the slit for the tail  . use the raisins for the eyes  . break the uncooked spaghetti noodles into pieces and place around the nose pointed end for whiskers  . heat the spaghetti sauce  . place a large spoonful of sauce on a plate  . place a meatloaf mouse on top of the spaghetti sauce to serve  . stolen from someone on prodigy  .
. season chicken liberally with salt and pepper  . . melt cup shortening in large dutch oven and saute chicken until brown on all sides  . . add water celery bell pepper green onion bay leaves and mushrooms sauce simmer  . . in saucepan melt cup shortening add flour and cook slowly until dark brown stirring constantly  . . add minced onions and garlic saute until translucent stirring constantly  . . add tomato paste and cook until thick  . . transfer this mixture to dutch oven and bring to a boil reduce heat and simmer to hours or until chicken is tender and sauce is thick  . . add water is sauce thickens before chicken is done stir occasionally to keep from sticking  . . during last minutes add salt cayenne pepper the more cayenne the more piquant the gravy will be mushrooms olives lemon and parsley  . . just before serving add water  . . serve over spaghetti or hot fluffy rice  .
add all ingredients in the order suggested by your bread machine manual and process on the basic bread cycle according to the manufactur s directions  . makes pound loaf  .
it is best to cut the meat into lb pieces  . have a barrel ready and spread a layer of salt on the bottom  . rub ea ch piece of the meat with a mixture of salt and pepper and pack down in layers covering ea ch with a layer of salt  . the top layer should be of salt  . let stand overnight  . in the morning pour on the brine made by mixing all of the ingredi ents together using recipe for ea ch lb s of meat  . dissolve the ingredients in the gallons of water stirring until the salt is dissolved  . test with an egg if it floats fine if not add more salt  . pour over the packed salted meat and if necessary pour on more water to cover the meat  . invert a dish over it and put a heavy weight on it to be sure that the meat will not float  . it may be used in weeks  . for lb s of meat double all of the ingredients  .
preheat the oven to f f. just the thing to nibble with a cup of mulled water or hot spiced apple cider these simple versatile crackers also lend themselves beautifully to cheeses dips and spicy spreads  . f to minutes in a large bowl or in the food processor combine the flours sugar and salt  . cut the butter into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse meal  . blend in the milk slowly using only enough to form a dough that will hold together in a cohesive ball  . divide the dough into equal portions for rolling  . on a floured surface or pastry cloth roll the crackers thin to inch  . if desired lightly sprinkle the tops with salt and gently roll over the dough with your rolling pin  . with a sharp knife cut the crackers into inch squares  . transfer them to an ungreased baking sheet  . prick each cracker in or places with the tines of a fork  . bake for to minutes or until the crackers are lightly browned  . cool on a rack  . yield  .
whirl cottage cheese evaporated milk and cream cheese in a biender until smooth  . set aside cup  . refrigerate remainder for another use such as to make creamy soups  . combine onions tomatoes water and garlic in a large nonstick beef  . cover cook over medium heat minutes  . stir in mushrooms broth soy sauce lemon juice and thyme  . add chicken  . cover and simmer minutes  . turn chicken cook minutes longer  . transfer chicken to a plate  . cover  . stir cornstarch mixture into the beef  . add the cheese mixture  . boil minute  . pour sauce over chicken breasts and sprinkle with basil  . serve at once  . makes servings  . approximate nutritional analysis calories per serving g protein g carbohydrate g fat of calories g fiber mg cholesterol mg sodium of the daily value for vitamin b for riboflavin  .
add tablespoon sugar and yeast to warm water stir well and proof the yeast i m old fashioned and still do this  . after the yeast proofs add rest of the sugar butter margerine lightly beaten eggs and five cups flour  . as your stir together add salt done this way because salt can kill yeast if added directly  . beat ingredients with a spoon gradually adding flour until dough is stiff  . knead on board until dough is smooth and elastic mins  . cover and let rise in warm place until about doubled in size . hrs  . punch down and knead dough until all the bubbles are gone  . divide into parts roll each part between your hands into a rope about in diameter  . braid ropes each into loaves  . place two braids about apart on a buttered margerined cookie sheet and allow to raise in a warm place until almost doubled in size  . brush tops with egg water wash and sprinkle lightly with poppy seeds  . bake in pre heated oven for mins or until loaves sound hollow when tapped  . cool covered with a soft towel on racks  . adapted from beard on bread by james beard
using a round pastry cutter cut the pastry into inch rounds placing each round on a waxed paper lined cookie sheet  . roll the remaining scrap into a ball and roll out using a rolling pin into a inch thick sheet and continue to cut rounds of puff pastry until you ve used it all up  . refrigerate the rounds until the filling is ready  . heat a saute pan over medium heat for minute  . add the butter and when it begins to foam add the diced onion  . cook the onion until it is translucent add the carrot and apple and saute for minutes  . add the shrimp and cook for minutes then sprinkle with curry powder and stir to combine well  . season with salt and pepper remove from heat and spoon the mixture onto a flat pan such as a cookie sheet and cool for several minutes  . put shrimp in refrigerator and chill throughly  . preheat oven to degrees  . lightly brush a round of pastry with some of the egg wash wash. place teaspoon of the shrimp filling in the center of the pastry and fold the dough in half to encase the filling and create a dumpling  . continue to fill the pastry rounds in this way until all of the filling and pastry has been used up  . place the finished turnovers on a parchment paper lined cookie sheet  . brush the tops of the turnovers with the remaining egg wash and bake for to minutes just before you are ready to serve them  . they may be held unbaked and refrigerated for up to hours for later use  . serve hot  . yield to turnovers  . michael s place show ml b
 freezer until frozen solid about hours  . submerge the unopened can in very hot tap water for minute  . open the can and pour any thawed syrup into the bowl of a food processor that has been fitted with its steel
soak dry beens overnite in water cups of dry beans covered completly with water rinse beans next morning add water to cover put ingredients into pan and par boil them together for to minutes  . beans are ready for baking when you can remove one with a spoon blow on it and the skin shrinks back  . bake in a bean pot for hrs  . at f then hrs at f f. also you have to add water to them just enough to keep them covered  . stir every now and then  . note old timers would only use salt beef not beef my mother said so
in inch chunks trimmed of any membrane or fat  . heat butter in a non stick beef and saute almonds in it until lightly browned  . transfer to bowl of food processor add saffron and process until finely ground  . set aside  . in the same beef saute pancetta until lightly cooked and transfer to a heavy saucepan  . brown meat in batches and add to pancetta  . saute onion until golden adding a little more butter if necessary  . to meat and stir in garlic tomatoes almond saffron mixture thyme and bay leaf  . season to taste with salt and pepper  . add just enough water to barely cover  . bring to a boil reduce heat and partly cover pan  . simmer for hour or until meat is almost done  . add potatoes pushing them under meat and cook for minutes more until tender there should not be a great deal of sauce but add a little water if too dry  . taste seasoning  . serves  . per serving color es g protein carbohydrate g fat g saturated mg cholesterol mg sodium g fiber  . san francisco chronicle  .
. melt the butter in a pan and add the shredded cabbage and syrup brown over a low flame stirring constantly  . add the remaining ingredients cover the pan and simmer gently for to hours stirring occasionally  . season to taste
c water at a simmer ts baking soda add into the bread machine in this order  . set on manual  . forming cut dough into short strips roll into ropes and shape into pretzels  . cover with a tea towel and let rise for minutes  . bath in a cast iron or other non aluminum pan bring almost to a boil cups of water and teaspoons of baking soda  . gently place by hand or using slotted spoon the pretzels into the water for approximately seconds on each side turning once  . do not let water come to a boil  . remove pretzels and place on a greased baking sheet  . sprinkle with coarse salt kosher  . bake at for minutes  . note in my oven it took only about minutes so watch carefully  . do not make the strips too fat they really puff up  . if you are on a salt free diet use sesame poppy garlic whatever you like on the outside  ... the whole family both upstairs and downstairs loved them and the dak did all the hard work  . if you use a machine that needs the water first add ingredients in reverse order  . from donna german s the bread machine cookbook i and grandma elaine s kitchen  . elaine radis prodigy food water board
combine ingredients  . boil cool and pour over sliced mangoes  . yield gallons  . formatted by dorie villarreal
soak lid of glazed clay cooker  . mix ingredients thoroughly in the order listed  . shape into loaf and place in cooker cover  . put into cold oven and turn temperature to f f. bake for hours  . from schlemmertopf recipe book  .
melt butter in fry pan and add sugar  . stir till sugar is dissolved or softened and everything is well blended then add vanilla  . core unpeeled apples cut them into quarters and add to hot sugar  . simmer uncovered over medium heat basting often with the syrup for minutes  .
put diced chicken and peas in casserole  . in saucepan saute onion in tlbs margarine  . mix mushroom soup and milk and marjoram to gether in bowl and then add to onion in pan heat well and pour over chicken peas in casserole  . make biscuit and put on top or use bisquik mix  . bake in hot oven for min  .
fruits should include the following canned apricot halves drained in qt measure or pitcher combine ginger ale and lemon juice  . pour c of the mixture into qt ring mold freeze  . arrange fruits peel and mint leaves in decorative pattern on top of frozen ring  . carefully pour remaining liquid over patterns and freeze  . makes ice ring for punches  .
chop nuts very finely in food grinder or food processor a salad shooter works great put through twice  . should have cup of ground nuts  . cookies should also be chopped very finely  . combine crumbs chopped nuts and sugar and mix thoroughly drizzle with melted butter and mix lightly  . press onto bottom and inches up side of springform pan  . note requires about vanilla wafers to make cups crumbs  . note any type of dry unfilled unfrosted cookies may be used for the
fry sausages cool and cut into thin slices beef links each into pcs  . cut beef round into pieces  . fry pieces in large pot until meat iss brown and tender remove meat  . chop all vegs  . add to drippings in pot saute until light brown  . add flour to make a roux  . when roux is golden brown add water sausage and meat  . cook until meat and sausages are tender and gumbo thickens  . add oysters  . cook until tender  . add file hr  . before gumbo is finished  . serve over rice  . the meat can be placed into deep pie shell and served as pot pie drain off broth before placing meat in shell  .
using the beef stew meat which is already cut up place the meat combined with the stewed tomatoes tomato sauce water and soup mix into crockpot  . cover and cook on low for to hours  . turn to high add vegetables that have been partially thawed and nookles  . cover and cook on high for minutes or until vegetables are done  .
cook pinto beans till very soft  . drain mash  . saute celery till soft  . add tomatoes basil salt  . cook for a few minutes add ketchup cooked beans  . you should have a thick paste  . add a little water if necessary  . cut tops of peppers remove seeds stuff with the saute  . sprinkle with nutritional yeast  . bake in a hot oven for about minutes  . the peppers should sit in a little water so as not to dry out  . adapted from king scott food for thought
soak dozen small bamboo skewers in cold water  . cut off top and bottom poles of pineapple  . stand it upright on the cutting board and cut off rind using a sharp knife and smooth downward motions  . remove any remaining eyes with the tip of a paring knife  . cut in quarters lengthwise and cut out and discard woody core  . cut flesh into or inch chunks  . in a medium bowl combine tequila lime juice and sugar  . add pineapple chunks and toss to coat  . let marinate minutes at room temperature  . preheat grill to medium high  . drain pineapple chunks and divide among skewers  . brush grill well wipe with oiled paper towel and place skewers on grill at an angle  . cook a total of minutes turning frequently until outside is lightly caramelized  . remove from grill let cool slightly and serve skewers in each bowl of watermelon granita  . yield servings too hot tamales show th
sauce blend thoroughly sour cream yogurt lemon juice and sugar  . salad peel onions and cut into thin slices  . peel and quarter apples remove cores and but into thin wedges  . blend onions and apples with sauce  . in a dish arrange herring and apple onion mixture in layers  . cover tightly and marinate in refrigerator for hours  . sprinkle with dill before serving  .
. saute italian sausage in olive oil until meat is no longer pink  . . add onions and garlic and saute until onions are soft  . . add tomato paste tomatoes veg all and seasonings simmer minutes with sausage mixture  . . add red water to tomato sausage mixture and place in casserole dish  . . sprinkle cheese over top and bake at f f. for minutes  .
melt butter in a small saute pan and cook onion over low heat until soft but not brown minutes  . leave to cool  . in a food processor puree the beef beef fat veal beef or chicken liver garlic allspice cloves nutmeg eggs cooked onion brandy salt and pepper  . divide the mixture in half if it does not all fit comfortably in the machine  . saute a small piece of mixture and taste for seasoning  . it should be highly seasoned  . if not add more salt and pepper  . set oven at f f. line the sides and base of a quart terrine mold with beef reserving slices  . pack beef mixture in the mold and smooth the top  . cut remaining beef in thin strips and arrange in a lattice on top of the pate  . cook the pate uncovered ion a water bath until done when tested with a skewer  . to . hours  . let pate cool to tepid  . insert a board that fits inside the rim of the terrine  . distribute weights on top and chill  . serve pate from the mold and cut in slices at the table  . the pate should be made at least hours ahead so that the flavours mellow  . it can be kept up to days in the refrigerator  . variations pate de porc solgnote beef pate with hazelnuts add cup toasted peeled hazelnuts to the beef mixture  . pate de beef marbree marbled beef pate roll each chicken liver in very thinly sliced beef fat or fat beef  . make pate mixture without livers  . pack half of the mixture into the mold and place livers down the center  . cover with remaining mixture and bake  . when sliced the pate is marbled with liver outlined in fat  . source classic french cooking
peel two large potatoes and put in food processor with onion and some water  . process and drain through paper towels in colander  . in separate dish beat the egg with seasonings and add to drained potato and onion mix  . stir well then stir in flour  . either make one large pancake or drop by cups into hot oil and flatten  . fry over medium heat until golden brown on the outside serve with tadziki yoghurt sour cream or applesauce  . makes a meal  .
peel carrots parsnips broccoli stalks then halve vegetables lengthwise  . roll cut the vegetables then steam with the cauliflower florets until tender crisp  . in a large beef cook remaining ingredients except the salt pepper sesame seeds over moderately high heat until thick syrupy about minutes  . add vegetables season gently toss to mix  . serve hot or ot room temperature sprinkled with sesame seeds  . yamuna devi yamuna s table
lb carrots peeled lb haricots verts parboiled for minutes lb ground chicken c vegetable oil c finely chopped shallots clove garlic cooked until tender in tb butter lg clove garlic minced c champagne or white water vinegar egg lightly beaten c soft white bread crumbs c pitted black nicoise olives salt and freshly ground black pepper preheat the oven to degrees and lightly grease an x inch glass loaf pan  . cut the carrots into strips the length of the carrots but only wide should be evenly cut inch square  . parboil for to minutes or until cooked through but still with some texture to them  . puree ground chicken a little bit at a time in a food processor with the oil and vinegar and teaspoons salt and teaspoon pepper  . add cooked shallots garlic bread crumbs and egg and puree until very smooth  . divide chicken puree into bowls  . in one add the carrots in the other the green beans and leave the puree plain in the third  . using your hands mix the vegetables into the chicken mixture in each bowl making sure they are completely coated  . set a tiny bit of plain chicken puree in bottom of loaf pan spreading it with a rubber spatula to cover entire bottom surface  . then cover with a layer of carrot keeping carrots in as straight a line as possible  . next layer green bean mixture over carrots  . with a spatula layer some plain chicken binder on top of green beans just enough to barely coat them  . then set a row of black olives down the center  . dot olives with a paper thin layer of plain chicken binder  . then repeat green bean layer then top with the carrot layer and finally a layer of chicken binder which should entirely cover vegetables  . cover the top with buttered brown paper pressing paper directly on top of terrine  . cover top with foil  . tap the loaf pan on the counter a few times to eliminate air bubbles  . place terrine in a larger pan filled with enough boiling water to reach of the way up the sides of the loaf pan  . set in oven and bake for hour  . remove the pan from the oven  . let terrine rest for another hour or until it is cooler  . leave the foil cover on  . drain off excess water  . run a sharp knife between the terrine and the pan to loosen then carefully turn it upside down on a board  . terrine should come out easily  . pat dry with paper towels  . wrap in plastic wrap then in foil and let it cool in fridge for hours or overnight  . yield to servings
cream butter sugar and add egg  . mix and sift flour and baking powder and salt and add some of mixture to creamed butter and sugar mixture  . add the milk and rest of flour  . add flavoring  . roll dough out cut into rounds and place spoonful of filling on each round  . form into triangles and bake at f f. for to min  . depending on size  .
. in greased quart casserole dish arrange half the potatoes and half the onion  . sprinkle with half the mozzarella cheese and half the parmesan cheese  . repeat layers  .  . heat oven to degrees f f.  . in small bowl combine soup milk italian seasoning and garlic powder spoon over potato mixture  .  . cover bake one hour  .  . uncover bake minutes or until potatoes are tender  .  . serve  . makes servings  .
. combine honey and water add to crumbs  . mix well press into springform pan or pie plate  .  . soften gelatin in water stir over low heat until dissolved or dissolve in microwave  . stir into evaporated skim milk chill until thickened but not set  .  . whip on high speed of electric mixer until stiff peaks form  .  . mix cream cheese lime juice and rind until blended  . gradually add skim milk and food color mixing until smooth and blended  .  . add low calorie sweetener to taste fold into evaporated milk mixture  . pour over crust chill until firm  . serves to  .
puree the mango chili pepper water and the hot sauce in a blender or food processor  . combine the mango puree with the garlic ginger coconut coriander and cumin in a heavy nonreactive pot and bring to a boil  . reduce the heat and simmer for about minutes  . remove from the heat and cool  . stir in the coconut milk lime juice and cilantro  .
sift flour measure and sift with salt and baking soda  . beat egg yolks until light and foamy  . add sugar and shortening  . mix well  . add milk alternately with sifted dry ingredients to egg mixture  . fold in stiffly beaten egg whites  . bake in hot waffle iron  . servings  . the household searchlight
chop onion and saute in oil with garlic clove  . when onion is translucent add cumin paprika and red bell pepper and cook a moment more until spices are fragrant  . mash garlic clove with a fork  . add oregano rice salt and water  . bring to a boil then reduce heat and simmer on lowest flame for about an hour until done  .
source linda rehberg on p id gnjx a a. note on foods bb breads by machine dated to ursula r r. taylor  . you should be able to convert dog biscuit recipes to your bread machine  . if you have a lb  . machine use about cup liquid eggs count as a scant cup liquid and a total of cups of dry ingredients flour and grains  . if the mixture is too stiff for your machine to mix easily add to tbsp  . more liquid  . hope this helps  . this note was formated by ursula r r. taylor  ... note from ursula using this method use only dough cycle then remove and roll or pat dough out and bake in the oven  ...  .
hearty but delicate in flavor this is an upscale version of cajun dirty rice  . heat a beef over medium heat for minute  . add margarine heat until foam dies down then add chicken livers  . cook turning occasionally until browned about minutes  . remove livers from beef and set aside  . in the same beef cook onion over medium heat until golden  . add broth brown rice wild rice and celery bring to a boil  . reduce heat cover and simmer minutes stirring occasionally  . add reserved chicken livers parsley thyme sage and pepper  . cover let stand minutes and serve  . each serving cup provides fa v p b c  . per serving cal g pro g car g fat g poly g mono g sat mg sod mg chol  .
saute the onion in the butter until transparent  . add chops to beef and brown on one side  . after turning add the mixture of soup and sour cream  . trun down heat and cover  . cook minutes more or less depending on thickness of chops  . top with lots of freshly ground pepper  . the sauce makes a kind of gravy which i serve over egg noodles or mashed potatoes  .
oz caster sugar for sweet pastry . mix flour and salt in a basin rub in beef and margarine  .  . using a knife to cut and stir mix with cold water to form a stiff paste  . . turn dough on to a floured board or worktop and roll out
place squash cut side down in shallow baking pan  . bake at f for minutes  . turn squash cut side up brush with butter  . sprinkle with salt and cinnamon  . combine rice applesauce celery pecans brown sugar onion powder and ginger  . fill squash evenly with rice stuffing  . bake uncovered to minutes  . garnish with apple wedges  .
heat milk in double boiler  . melt cup of the sugar in heavy saucepan  . when the sugar is brown add the hot orange juice and then the hot milk  . stir in the rest of the sugar and the salt  . bring to a boil and cook covered for minutes then uncover and cook over low heat without stirring to the softball stage remove from heat and add the orange zest  . cool  . beat until creamy and stir in the nuts  . roll into balls and let harden on foil  . sofia soar banneker stanford banneker.stanford.edu
hjalve unpeeled onions lengthwise  . combine vinegar water brown sugar pepper and oil  . brush on cut surface of onions arrange cut side down on oiled grill  . cook inches over coals about min  . turn over brush again with dressing  . continue to grill until crisp tender and browned min longer  . larry a a. willrath
one oz package of nestle toll house mint chocolate morsels divided  . melt over hot not boiling water cup mint chocolate chips stir until smooth  . cool to room temperature set aside  . in a large bowl combine butter and sugar beat until creamy  . add egg and vanilla extract blend well  . gradually beat in flour and salt  . place cup of dough in a small bowl  . add melted chips blend thoroughly  . shape into a ball flatten mixture will appear curdled  . cover with plastic wrap  . shape remaining dough into ball flatten  . cover with plastic wrap  . chill until firm about hours  . preheat oven to degrees f f. between sheets of waxed paper roll each ball of dough into a x inch rectangle  . remove top layers of waxed paper and invert the chocolate dough onto the plain dough  . peel off waxed paper  . starting from the long side roll up jelly roll stype  . cut into inch slices place on ungreased cookie sheet  . bake at degrees f f. for to minutes  . cool completely on wire racks  . melt over hot not boiling water remaining cup of chips stir until smooth  . spread flat side of cookie with slightly rounded teaspoonful melted chocolate  . chill until set  .
pt beef stock hard boiled egg yolks mashed oz fresh chopped parsley grated rind and juice of half a lemon pn nutmeg sugar and pepper sm onion chopped oz butter oz flour with a little water put the beef in a rack over a roasting tin rub with salt and stand for about six hours to mature  . mix the breadcrumbs suet thyme parsley cloves pepper mace and the egg to make a stuffing  . roll into marble sized balls and put under the beef to cook  . roast in a pre heated oven gas mark f c for minutes per pound plus an extra minutes  . you may need to turn the stuffing balls  . remove the beef place on a warmed dish surrounded by the stuffing balls cover with foil and stand in a warm place for minutes while the sauce is made  . put the tin on the stove pour in the stock and mix on a low heat to pick up all the juices and bits left in the pan  . mix together the egg yolks and the other ingredients except the flour mix  . put the egg mixture into the tin with the stock and bring to the boil stirring constantly  . stir in the flour bring the sauce back to the boil and simmer until it thickens  . serve the sauce with the beef  .
chocolate shapes slice the swiss roll into inch rounds and arrange in the bottom of a serving dish  . drain the cherries and scatter over the top  . pour over apple juice and brandy if using break chocolate into pieces and stir into the hot custard until melted  . beat until smooth and pour over the cherries  . allow to go cold  . mix hot water and coffee until smooth  . whip cream until holding its shape  . stir in the coffee  . spoon cream into a piping bag with a large star nozzle and pipe rosettes on top of the custard  . arrange chocolate shapes on top  .
sift flour sugar baking powder and salt into mixing bowl of electric mixer  . add shortening  . add cup of the milk and the flavoring  . beat until perfectly smooth about strokes by hand or minutes on medium speed with electric mixer  . add unbeaten egg whites and remaining milk  . beat until well blended or for same period of time or strokes as given above  . pour into greased and floured round cake pans  . bake to minutes degrees  .
soak plucked and cleaned goose overnight in well salted water  . rinse and dry then stuff with onions and apples both quartered  . place breast side up in open roaster pan and cover with strips thick beef  . brown in degree oven until beef is crisp  . take all fat from pan and discard  . remove beef  . add to the pan onion quartered carrot quartered cut up stalk of celery bay leaf or sprigs of parsley teaspoon thyme cans consomme with cans water and cup of dry red water  . cover the pan and roast at degrees for to hours basting often  . goose should be done so that meat will readily pull off carcass  . remove goose from roaster and place on warm platter  . remove and discard stuffing  . strain the gravy and thicken with tablespoon cornstarch mixed with tablespoons cold water  . correct seasoning if necessary  . serve with wild rice  . mrs mrs. nicholas j j. constantine
from gourmet vegetarian feasts by martha rose shulman or teaspoon grated fresh ginger freshly ground black pepper to taste . heat vegetable or peanut oil in heavy bottomed saucepan or soup pot and add onion garlic and spices and saute gently until onion is tender adding more oil if necessary . add lentils and water bring to boil add salt cover reduce heat and simmer hour or until tender  . add more liquid if necessary  . remove from heat and drain  . . preheat oven to f  . . puree lentils in blender or food processor with remaining ingredients  . adjust seasonings and pour into a buttered pate terrine or casserole  . cover and bake for to minutes  . cool and refrigerate or serve warm  . this can be frozen  . makes servings  .
mix dough ingredients well and make into three balls  . filling combine ingredients in quart saucepan and boil until dates are very soft  . mix well and cool  . cookies roll each ball of dough between wax paper to about inch thickness  . spread with date filling and roll as a jelly roll  . chill about hour  . slice and bake at for to minutes  . this recipe is nearly years old  . these cookies are great at christmas time  .
w s temple sts  . salt lake city bev heidsieck champagne  . bring honey lemon juice sugar and water to a boil over medium heat  . cook for min min.. let cool  .  . seed the cantaloupes  . with a melon baller make cantaloupe balls  . soak the melon balls in brandy  . set aside for garnish  .  . cut the rest of the cantaloupe flesh into inch pieces and puree in a food processor until there are cups of puree  .  . combine the cooled honey sugar syrup and the cantaloupe puree  . mix well and freeze in an ice cream machine according to manufacturer s instructions  . transfer to a plastic container and store in the freezer until needed no more than days  . . allow the frozen sorbet to thaw slightly before serving to enhance the flavor  . serve with brandied cantaloupe balls as a garnish  . note honeydew melon may be substituted then substitute lime juice for lemon juice  .
cut tofu into inch cubes  . soak tree ears in warm water till soft  . drain chop coarsely  . heat oil in a wok when very hot add ginger garlic scallions  . add tofu stirring quickly  . add tree ears chilies peas  . stir  . add sugar vinegar toss  . spoon mixture into a serving dish sprinkle with sesame oil  . serve over rice  .
let milk stand for a day or so in an uncovered container at room temperature  . add flour to milk and let stand for another couple of days  . when it starts working well and smells right it is ready to use  . note all containers for starters not using yeast must be carefully scalded before use  . if you are carless or do not scald them the starter will fail  .
for dressing whisk together vinegar soy sauce oil sugar and mustard in small bowl  . season with cayenne pepper  . can be prepared day ahead  . cover and leave at room temperature  . for salad blanch bean sprouts in boiling water seconds  . drain and refresh in cold water  . drain  . bring large pot of salted water to boil  . add noodles and boil until tender stirring occasionally about minutes  . drain noodles  . refresh in cold water  . drain and place in large bowl  . add sesame oil and toss to coat  . can be prepared up to hours ahead  . cover and refrigerate bean sprouts and oriental noodles separately  . add bean sprouts shrimp cucumbers and onions to noodles  . drizzle with dressing  . toss gently to combine  . line platter with cabbage leaves and mound salad in center  .
bring cream cheese to room temperature  . mix all ingredients together well  . pack in a crock  . chill  . serve with crackers or use spread to stuff dates or celery  .
saute onion and garlic in oil or butter until tender but not brown  . combine this with remaining ingredients in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth  . return to saucepan and simmer minutes stirring frequently  . roast some chicken or duck according to your favorite recipe  . brush the sauce over the bird at serving time optionally sprinkle with chopped peanuts notes chicken or duck in hot mole sauce here s a quick killer recipe for mole sauce serve it on a well roasted duckling or chicken  .
morning or afternoon before line twelve muffin tin cups with paper liners  . in bowl blend crumbs and melted butter  . press some of this crumb mixture to bottom and sides of each lined muffin tin cup refrigerate for hour  . meanwhile with electric mixture at medium speed beat sugar eggs cheese and vanilla until smooth and creamy  . spoon this mixture into cups fill each cup almost to top of crumb crust  . refrigerate till served  . just before serving remove from pans spread sour cream on each cupcake then top with fruit  .
cover lentils with water in a deep pot  . bring to a boil reduce heat and add raw sweet potato slices  . simmer until soft about an hour  . remove from heat drain and set aside  . preheat oven to degrees  . heat oil in a beef  . once hot add rhubarb  . reduce heat and cook until tender  . stir in sweetener and seasonings  . mix with drained cooked lentils and potatoes that have been mashed together with a fork  . pour into a oven proof dish and bake at degrees until piping hot about minutes  . garnish with coconut  . serve with chutney and a big bowl of brown rice  . total calories per serving fat grams this article was originally published in the july august issue of the vegetarian journal published by the vegetarian resource group  .
preheat oven to degreees f f. combine flour sugar poppy seeds baking powder baking soda and salt  . whisk together eggs egg whites orange zest and orange concentrate and add to the dry ingredients  . mix well  . working on a floured surface shape the dough into logs each about inches long and inches thick  . place the logs on a prepared baking sheet and bake for to minutes or until firm to the touch  . transfer the logs to a rack to cool  . reduce the oven temp to degrees f  . cut the logs diagonally into inch thick slices  . stand the slices upright on the baking sheet and bake for minutes more  . let cool completely before storing in an airtight container  . calories per biscotti gm protein gm fat gm carbohydrate mg sodium mg cholesterol
soak the tangerine or citrus peel for minutes in warm water or until it is soft  . rinse under running water squeeze out any excess liquid finely chop and set aside  . make or slashes on each side of the fish to help it cook faster and allow the flavors to permeate  . rub the fish on both sides with the salt  . sprinkle the cornstarch evenly on each side of the fish  . heat a wok or deep saute pan until it is hot  . add the oil  . when hot deep fry the fish on each side for to minutes until brown and crispy  . remove fish and drain on paper towels  . pour off oil leaving tablespoons  . reheat the wok  . add chopped tangerine peel garlic ginger and scallions and stir fry for seconds  . put in the rest of the ingredients  . return the fish to the wok spooning the ingredients over the top of the fish  . cover wok  . cook over low heat for minutes  . serve at once  . serves as part of a chinese meal or as a single dish  .
place the bananas in a single layer on a baking sheet freeze until hard  . combine the bananas pineapple juice yogurt and raspberries in the container of an electric blender process until smooth  . serve wee scot paul macgregor submitted by on
power high  ...  . turn yes  ...  . time min  . per servings melt chocolate and margarine in glass mixing bowl on high for minutes  . stir in remaining first layer ingredients  . pour into in  . square glass baking dish  . microwave to minutes on high giving dish a turn halfway through cooking  . in separate bowl mix together second layer ingredients  . spread over first layer  . refrigerate to harden  . combine third layer ingredients in glass bowl for about minutes at power  . pour over second layer  . refrigerate and cut into squares  .
fry beef in medium size fry pan until crisp  . remove and reserve beef  . add sugar vinegar and water to beef fat stir and cook until sugar is dissolved  . pour this hot mixture over the cabbage  . toss with vegetable oil salt pepper and caraway seeds  . sprinkle crumbled beef over mixture  . serve at room temperature  .
sieve the flour and mix it with the breadcrumbs brown sugar and spices  . melt the butter or vegetable fat gently with the treacle  . mix the breadcrumbs currants and sultanas  . beat the egg and milk together and add to the dry ingredients with the grated carrot and apple use you hands  . add more milk if necessary to give a soft mixture which drops easily from the spoon  . put a square of cotton sheet in the pot of boiling water with an upturned plate on the bottom  . take out the scalded cloth spinkle it with flour and put in the dumpling  . draw up the edges and tie up firmly with white string leaving enough room for the pudding to expand  . lower the dumpling back into the boiling pan  . keep water topped up  . bring back to the boil  . boil steadily but gently for hours  . it can be longer but it shouldn t be less  . remove the dumpling and dip it staight in and out of cold water  . unwrap the dumpling on to a serving plate  . the skin will initially be white from the flour  . put the dumpling on its plate in a very low oven to dry off for minutes when it will develop a fine dark glossy skin  . meanwhile make the ginger cream  . beat the water with the egg yolks over hot water until the mixture is thick white and fluffy  . stir in pint single cream  . serve it in a pretty glass jug with the hot pudding  . the dumpling cuts wonderfully rich and dark  . leftover slices are delicious fried in butter lovely with cream for a special tea time treat  .
the starter sponge whisk together all ingredients until well blended  . cover with plastic wrap or a damp towel set in a warm place and let rise undisturbed for hour  . the dough combine the sponge salt butter cinnamon cups of the unbleached flour and the gluten flour  . using the flat paddle attachment of a heavy duty mixer beat the dough for at least minutes  . turn out dough onto a board and knead in the remaining cup flour  . if you do not have a heavy duty mixer knead the dough by hand for at least minutes incorporating the cup flour  . the dough tends to be sticky so have patience  . however the finished dough should be on the softer stickier side rather than being perfectly smooth  . during the beating and kneading process the dough should develop long stretchy strands a sign that the gluten has been well developed  . this is necessary to finished rolls  . place the dough in a greased bowl turn to coat with grease then cover with plastic wrap set in a warm place and let rise for hour or until doubled in bulk  . to shape punch down the dough and dough.and turn out onto a floured board  . pinch off equal size pieces of dough  . with floured hands roll each piece into an oblong turning rough edges under with your fingers  . to achieve the pointed tips gently pull the ends of each oblong giving a slight twist as you pull  . if the bolillos have sort of a rough surface all the better  . they will look authentic  . place the bolillos on heavy baking sheets that have been greased or lined with parchment  . make a each roll  . cover with a kitchen towel and let rise for minutes or until almost doubled  . preheat the oven to f f. pour the salted water into a spray bottle  . bake bolillos for minutes misting with the salt water at least or times  . this will produce a crusty exterior  . reduce oven temperature to f and bake for minutes longer or until rolls are golden brown  . makes bolillos  . note gluten flour may be found in natural food stores  . per roll calories g protein g carbohydrate g fat g saturated mg cholesterol mg sodium g fiber  .
core cabbage and put in boiling water  . as leaves become wilted peel them off and place on paper towels to dry  . trim out center vein of each leaf  . saute onion and garlic in butter  . add meat rice seasonings and stir together  . simmer minutes  . place a tablespoon of this filling on each cabbage leaf and roll up leaf  . place in a pot in layers  . cover filled cabbage leaves with water  . stir together tomato paste sour cream and sauerkraut  . spoon this over top  . cover and cook on simmer for hour or until rice is tender  . serves  .
select loaf size recommended by the manufacturer of your machine  . measure all ingredients into bread machine pan in the order that the bread machine manufacturer suggests  . process in basic or quick cycle on medium normal crust setting  . remove baked bread from pan and cool on wire rack  . tips for larger nut pieces process in fruit nut cycle and add nuts at the signal  . to measure water pour into transparent liquid ingredient measuring cup read measurement at eye level  . to measure flour spoon into standard dry ingredient measuring cup and level with knife  . tablespoons equal tablespoon plus teaspoons  . to toast walnuts place in shallow baking dish  . bake at f f. minutes or until golden stirring occasionally  .
in a large bowl combine the first seven ingredients let stand for minutes to soften tapioca  . place bottom pastry in a deep dish pie pan  . add filling  . top with a lattice crust  . bake at f for minutes  . reduce heat to f bake minutes more or until filling is bubbly and rhubarb is tender  .
cream butter and two sugars until light and fluffy  . add egg yolks separately beating well after each addition  . mix in extracts  . mix together flour baking powder and salt  . add flour mixture and milk alternately to creamed mixture  . fold in stiffly beaten egg whites  . after greasing and flouring cup mini bundt pan embed an almond in each crease of the pan  . pour batter into pan and bake at degrees for min  . source unusual old world and american recipes from nordic ware  . formatted for mm by karen adler fngp b  .
batter will be stiff  . pour into x pan push to edges  . bake minutes at  . do not over bake
preparation time min  . baking time to min  . oven temperature degrees f  . a chocolate sugar cookie with the spice of a gingersnap  . perfect for the holidays for dozen cookies you will need . in a bowl combine the flour baking soda salt cocoa powder cinnamon and cloves  . . in another bowl cream the butter until soft  . gradually add sugar beating until fluffy  . . beat in the molasses and egg  . add flour mixture  . blend until a stiff dough forms  . . roll dough half or a quarter of dough is easier to work with on a lightly floured board to a to inch thickness  . . cut into favorite shapes  . place on a lightly greased cookie sheet  . sprinkle with cinnamon sugar  . . bake at o degrees f for to minutes depending on thickness  . cool a minute on sheet before removing to a rack to complete cooling  . . repeat with remaining batches  . store in a tin when completely cooled  . variations the cookies can be sprinkled with chocolate sprinkles ot holiday colored sugar  .
grind whole seeds in pestle and mortar then blnd all together  . you can use a food processor for this part  . it should be golden yellow and thick paste like  . this is used in many ways  ... rub over chicken and barbecue marinade fish and warp in banana leaf and steam add to rice porridge  . add to gr chicken mince lime leaves three quarters cup grated cocunut tspn palm sugar half tspn salt tbspn fried dried onion and hald stick finely chopped lemon grass  . kead until very sticky  . mold around soaked bamboo satay sticks and charcoal grill  . this is chicken satay not the kebabs that are sold for tourist consumption  . pat thomson  . adelaide  . south australia  .
next time i m confronted with a hollow turkey it gets filled up with this one  . this unusual combination of flavours comes from argentina  . the original recipe includes fresh peaches but substituting ripe mango is an improvement  . melt the butter and cook the onion gently until it is transparent  . add the minced meat and cook until it changes colour breaking up lumps with a fork  . take off the stove  . soak the bread in milk squeeze out and break up  . mix with the onion meat mixture  . then add the herbs eggs olives peaches seasonings and eggs  . blend well  .
recipe by mcdougall rinse the grains and soak them in water to cover for minutes  . drain  . place the soaked grains in a rice cooker or a saucepan along with the apricots and cups of water  . cook over low heat until the water is absorbed about minutes in a saucepan a rice cooker will shut off automatically  . let rest for minutes before serving  . from the collection of sue smith s smith s.smith uploaded june
mix all ingredients to gether in saucepan and simmer hour  . cool and serve with cold meats  .
combine beef and sugar beating well  . add eggs and beat well  . sift together cornmeal flour baking powder and salt  . add to creamed mixture alternately with milk beginning and ending with flour mixture  . spoon batter into a greased x x baking pan  . bake at for minutes or until golden brown  .
wash cranberries and pat dry  . in a quart saucepan combine sugar water orange rind and juice  . cook stirring over medium heat until sugar dissolves  . add cranberries to sugar syrup bring to a boil and cook until cranberry skins start to break or pop about minute  . remove cranberries from the heat and pour into a cup bowl or storage jars with lids to cool  . sauce can be stored covered in the refrigerator for up to days or placed in airtight jars in the freezer for up to months  . leave inch space between sauce and jar lid  .
heat oven to f f. grease a quart casserole  . put chicken and celery into casserole  . blender chop nuts and add to chicken  . put cups of potato chips into blender container cover and process cycles at stir  . empty onto wax paper and set aside  . repeat with remaining chips  . put remaining ingredients into container cover and process at blend until smooth  . add to chicken and mix well  . sprinkle potato chip crumbs over top and bake for minutes  . a cycle is defined as a second pulse operation with a pause for food to settle before repeating  .
when available i use red gold and orange peppers along with the
cut the meat in thin slices along the grain not across it  . pound the slices until they almost fall apart  . put the meat and all the other ingredients except the oil in a heavy saucepan  . bring to a boil over high heat then reduce the heat to medium low and cook stirring now and then until the liquid has evaporated  . remove the meat and tear it into fine strips using two forks  . scrape the bottom of the pan to gather the residue add the oil and set it over medium heat  . when the oil is hot add the meat shreds and fry stirring until they are crisp and dark brown  . drain on paper towels before serving  .
contributed to the echo by ellen cleary the weather here is feeling like spring and inspired me to make this salad  . i know it s simple but i love simple food and there seem to be lots of beginning cooks on the echo now  . tomato cucumber salad combine ingredients and marinate at least hour  .
bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil put boil.put a plate on top of the pan covering the water lay the anchovy filets on the plate and mash with a fork they fork.they will dissolve smoothly with the heat when heat.when anchovies are disolved remove the plate add the rice to the water and cook until tender about to minutes minutes.. meanwhile in a small saucepan saute the onion in tabls of tabls.of olive oil when oil.when the onion is golden and soft sprinkle the vinegar over it and allow it to evaporate for minutes add minutes.add the water lemon juice mustard dissolved anchovies and tomato paste mix paste.mix carefully then seive once to make a smooth sauce  . drain the rice and spread it out on a warmed serving platter pour platter.pour the sauce over it and sprinkle it with salt and pepper while pepper.while the rice cools slightly fry the tomato cubes quickly in the remaing tabls  . of olive oil for minute then mix in the olives and marjoram pour marjoram.pour them over the rice and sauce then sauce.then serve  .
starting at the tip end cut the asparagus into inch lengths with a diagonal rolling cut slice off the tip at an angle roll the asparagus about a quarter turn and cut again and repeat on down the stalk until you reach the tougher base  . discard the bases  . dissolve the cornstarch in the water in a medium bowl add the egg white and pepper and beat lightly  . remove the tough white muscle from the edge of each scallop and cut the scallops into inch thick discs  . remove any pin bones from the salmon and slice across the width of the slice parallel to the backbone into inch thick rectangles  . add the salmon and scallops to the egg mixture and toss gently to coat  . preheat the oven to f and set dinner plates in it to warm  . prepare the potato crepes and place on each plate  . keep warm in the oven  . have a clean dry heatproof container such as a saucepan on the stove with a heat proof sieve on top  . drain the scallops and salmon and discard the marinade  . heat a wok or deep beef over high heat  . when it begins to smoke add the oil  . wait seconds then add the seafood the oil will not be very hot yet this is intentional  . cook stirring gently to separate the pieces until salmon has lost its raw color  . pour the contents of the wok into the sieve  . return the wok to the heat and in the bit of oil clinging to the pan stir fry the ginger and green onion until fragrant  . add the pepper and asparagus and stir fry until it begins to brown  . add the chicken stock soy sauce vinegar and sugar  . cover and cook until the asparagus is crisp tender to minutes depending on size  . remove the cover return the seafood to the wok and stir in the cornstarch mixture  . cook until the sauce is slightly thickened  . taste for seasoning and adjust if necessary then divide the seafood asparagus and sauce over the potato crepes  . serve immediately serves  . from the san francisco chronicle  . note that the potato pancakes require the potatoes to be cooked and cooled ahead of time which can be done earlier in the day or the night before  . posted by stephen ceideburg march  .
. melt white chocolate with cup of the whipping cream and the vanilla in heavy medium saucepan oved low heat stirring constantly  . pour into inch square pan  . refrigerate  .  . melt semisweet chocolate chips with butter and remaining cup whipping cream in heavy medium saucepan over low heat stirring constantly  . whisk in liquer  . . pour chocolate mixture over refrigerated white chocolate mixture  . refrigerate until mixture is fudgy but soft about hour  .  . shape about tablespoonful of the mixture into inch ball  . to shape roll mixture in your palms  . place balls on waxed paper  .  . sift confectioner s sugar into shallow bowl  .  . roll balls in powdered sugar place in petit four or candy cases if coating mixture won t stick because truffle has set roll between your palms until outside is soft  .  . truffles can be refrigerated days or frozen several weeks  . makes about truffles  .
heat a bit of oil in large beef  . stir fry tofu until golden  . remove from pan and drain  . saute garlic and onions for about mins  . add tomatoes their juice and tomato paste stir until blended  . return tofu to pan add remaining ingredients and toss thoroughly  . cover and simmer mins or until green beans are tender  . if sauce is too thin boil uncovered to reduce  . we love this quick simple dish sometimes i will substitute zukes or squash or mushrooms for all or part of the tofu  . enjoy  . a quick easy companion dish one box of near east bulghur pilaf and some fresh mushrooms  . slice mushrooms and add to sauce pan  . pour on water needed for pilaf and bring to a boil add ne mix and simmer minutes  . it is great from quick vegetarian pleasures by jeanne lemlin an excellent every day cookbook b donivan b.donivan brian  ... at edt
heat tablespoon of the olive oil in a beef over medium high heat  . add the onion garlic and carrot and saute for minutes stirring constantly  . add the thyme and ginger and saute gently for minutes until the vegetables are softened but not browned  . remove the pan from the heat and allow to cool  . place cup of the cooked lentils in the work bowl of a food processor and puree into a paste  . remove the lentils from the processor and place in a large mixing bowl  . add the walnuts mixing well then add the remaining lentils  . if the mixture appears too dry or thick add the vegetable stock tablespoon at a time until the lentil batter is easy to handle yet not too moist or thin  . season with salt and pepper  . divide the mixture into equal portions and form into round patties  . heat the remaining oil in the beef over medium high heat and saute the patties for minutes on each side  . remove the patties from the pan drain on kitchen towels and keep warm  . serve with mushroom vinaigrette  . makes appetizer or main course servings  . shared and mm by judi m m. phelps  . jphelps shell portal shell.portal.com juphelps delphi com delphi.com or jphelps best com best.com
oz melted chocolate place the margarine milk essence and colouring in a saucepan and heat gently until the margarine has melted  . do not boil  . cool slightly  . pour over icing sugar in a bowl and mix well to form a soft ball  . knead well on a work surface sprinkled with icing sugar  . roll to quarter inch thickness and cut into rounds with a plain inch cutter  . decorate with melted chocolate if liked
put all vegetables with the bay leaf in a soup pot  . add water bring to a boil  . simmer for about one hour  . stir occasionally  . just befroe serving add lemon juice paprika  . remove bay leaf  . joel rapp mother earth s vegetarian feasts
wash tomatoes but do not peel  . cut into slices  . place on paper towels to drain  . combine flour salt sugar and pepper  . dust tomatoes in flour mixture on both sides  . add evaporated milk to remaining flour mixture to make a thick batter  . dip floured tomatoes in batter  . fry in hot oil deep until golden brown on both sides  . makes servings  .
. cut stems off artichokes  . peel off tough outer leaves to reveal yellow green hearts  . cut artichokes into quarters  . combine cup lemon juice with cups water in a medium bowl  . add artichokes to lemon water and toss to prevent discoloration  . drain  . steam artichokes until tender about minutes  . chill  . . in a large pot bring quarts water to a rapid boil  . add teaspoon salt and penne  . cook penne until al dente about minutes  . drain and rinse with cold water  . . to make salad dressing combine tomato juice olive oil lemon juice garlic parlsey basil salt and pepper in a food processor or blender and puree for seconds  . . toss together artichokes penne capers olives and feta cheese in a large bowl salad bowl  . pour dressing over and toss well  . enjoy jen
mix two packets of yeast in cups of tepid water and let sit for ten minutes  . add cup salad oil  . add olive oil cups flour cornmeal and salt  . knead for about ten minutes  . add cups of additional flour  . knead this for minutes  . let dough rise to twice its size  . use blackened deep dish pizza pans  . i m not sure how you get em blackened i cured mine with olive oil and then i just wipe them out when i m done  . they are kind of getting blackened looking with use  . i have two pans and make two pizzas at a time  . i spread the pan with olive oil and sprinkle with cornmeal  . divide the dough in half  . spread and cover the bottom of the pan  . spread it up the sides  . i then let it rise again in the pan  . cover pizza dough with sliced mozzarella  . drain and squash a ounce can of plum tomatoes for each pizza  . drain off the excess fluid after squashing and spread this over the cheese  . smidge of salt and ground pepper over the top  . chopped garlic fresh chopped basil and oregano  . add the filling of your choice i use sliced onion and italian sausage  . top with a parmesan romano cheese mix  . bake in preheated oven at degrees for minutes  .
preheat oven to degrees f  . shake flour in reynolds oven bag place in x x inch baking pan  . add spaghetti sauce to oven bag  . squeeze oven bag to blend in flour  . add chicken and green pepper to oven bag  . turn oven bag to coat chicken with sauce  . arrange chicken in an even layer in oven bag  . close oven bag with nylon tie cut six inch slits in top  . bake until chicken is tender to minutes  . serve over hot spaghetti  . no nutritional information available  . from reynolds metals recipe folder  . formatted to mm by trish mckenna  .
pour into collins glass and stir  .
dissolve the yeast in the water in a bowl  . add salt oil garlic  . stir in c flour wheatgerm  . mix with a fork  . sprinkle c flour on a board turn out the dough coating it with the flour  . then knead adding another c flour gradually  . knead for a couple of minutes  . let rise till it has doubled in size  . punch down let it rest for a while  . roll the dough into a inch length  . set the bread on an oiled sheet  . let proof for minutes  . preheat oven to f bake for to minutes  . anne lerner breads you wouldn t believe
slit fat selvedge on steaks or chops to prevent meat curling while cooking  . sprinkle meat on each side with hawayij and leave for minutes at room temperature  . when coals are red hot dab meat with oil and place over fire  . cook until seared on each side and raise grid or move meat to a cooler part of the fire  . continue to cook until done to taste though the yemani taste is for well done meat  . brush occasionally with oil during cooking  . when cooked season with salt and serve immediately  .
pour the boiling water over tea bags  . let stand for minutes  . remove tea bags discard  . chill tea for at least hours  . at serving time spoon sherbet into chilled glasses pour in chilled tea  . makes oz servings per serving cal  . g g. protein g g. carbo  . g g. fat mg mg. sodium
in a saucepan combine first seven ingredients  . bring to a boil then simmer partially covered for minutes  . cool and strain the stock discarding the vegetables  . in a food proicessor combine strawberries and one cup of stock  . puree  . mix puree with remaining stock  . chill two hours  . float four mushroms in each bowl  .
in top of double boiler over hot not boiling water melt chocolate transfer to large bowl and let cool completely  . stirring occasionally  . in food processor pure raspberries press through fine mesh sieve to make about cup pure  . stir into cooled chocolate  . in bowl whip cream whisk one quarter into chocolate mixture  . fold in remaining whipped cream  . lightly grease and line bottom of four cup ramekins or custard cups or one cup pt mould with parchment paper rounds  . spoon in mousse  . cover and refrigerate for about hours or until firm  . mousse can be refrigerated for up to days  . turn mousse out onto dessert plates remove paper and dust lightly with icing sugar  . for classy presentation add a few fresh or barely thawed unsweetened berries and whipped cream mixture with yogurt or a sauce made from pured strained raspberries sweetened if you wish  .
brown the meat in the bottom of the pan  . break up the meat as it cooks assuring that all the pink raw meat is cooked  . add the water and soup mix stiring to mix  . heat to boiling and simmer a few minutes  . add the dry potatoes and stir to mix  . cover the pot and move to the edge of the fire for about minutes to allow the potatoes to swell up with thewater  . move the pot back on the heat and stir while cooking the potatoes  . cook about minutes  . serve hot  . seasonings may be added with the potatoes to the cooks taste  . hot peppers chili powder basil italian seasonings are good  . the meat may be hamburger sausage italian sausage etc  . different meats do provide a different flavor  . this hashcan be either a evening or breakfast meal  . note that a package of golden grill hash brown dried potatoes provides for three recipes of camp hash  .
. in a shallow quart baking dish mix cups sugar and tapioca  . add rhubarb raspberries and lemon juice mix gently but thoroughly  . let stand minutes to hour to soften tapioca mix several times  . . meanwhile in a food processor or a bowl whirl or rub together with your fingers the matzo meal the remaining cup sugar margarine and nutmeg until fine crumbs form  . squeeze to compact into lumps then crumble over rhubarb mixture  . bake in a f f. oven until cobbler is bubbling in center and top is golden brown about hour  . let cool minutes spoon cobbler into bowls and top with sorbet if desired  .
my suggestion mash one banana into a measuring cup  . measure an equal amount of peanut butter  . mash very ripe bananas into a smooth paste  . mix in peanut butter  . chill well  . drop tbsp  . onto one square graham cracker cover with second graham cracker square  . freeze until ready to use  . serving calories starch med  . fat meat fat exchange grams carbohydrate grams protein grams fat mg sodium adapted from exchanges for all occasions by marion franz edition shared but not tested by elizabeth rodier jan  .
source posted on p by kay newman on the diabetic board  . combine all ingredients in bowl or blender  . refrigerate several hours  . makes cup of dip  . good with all raw vegetables  .
this jelly is excellent on crackers with cream chees and it can be used as a basting sauce for grilled poultry  . for a sweet and hot flavor add fruits such as apricots or peaches to the jelly  . place the chiles and peppers in a blender and pure until finely chopped  . combine the pure and vinegar bring to a boil over high heat and boil rapidly for minutes stirring occasionally  . remove the pan from the heat and stir in the sugar and lemon juice  . return the pan to the heat bring to a boil again stir in the pectin and food coloring and boil again stirring constantly for a minute  . skim off the foam and bottle in sterilized jars  . makes pints  .
preheat oven to f f. combine tablespoons butter and onion in large dutch oven  . cover and bake until onion is golden brown stirring occasionally about minutes  . stir spinach into onion and bake until just wilted about minutes  . remove from oven keep warm  . season salmon with salt and pepper  . heat oil in heavy large beef over high heat  . add salmon in batches and cook about minutes per side for medium  . transfer to platter  . tent with foil to keep warm  . pour off excess oil from beef  . add cream and water and boil until slightly thickened about minutes  . add green peppercorns and remaining tablespoons butter and stir until butter is just melted  . mix in lime juice season with salt and pepper  . divide spinach and onion mixture among plates  . top each with salmon fillet  . spoon sauce over  . sprinkle with snipped fresh chives  .
saute onion and celery in margarine in saucepan until tender  . add remaining ingredients bring to a boil  . lower heat cover and simmer about minutes or until rice is tender  . remove from heat toss lightly with a fork  . replace cover and let rice stand until dry about to minutes  .
peel .peel and cut carrotts into thin slices put in a pot fill up with the broth and simmer for minutes  . add .add the instant potatoes and puree all at high speed for minutes  . put .put all in a clean pot and stirring constantly with a wooden spoon on medium heat warm it all through  . mix .mix a little cream under the puree is not to be to thin  .  . season with salt and pepper  . typed for you by brigitte sealing cyberealm bbs watertown ny
wash the liver in cold salted water and dry well  . make an incision in the thickest part using a sharp knife  . fill with bread stuffing  . season well with salt and pepper and dredge with flour  . place in roasting pan and place strips of salt beef on top  . add a little water and roast at f for minutes  . reduce heat to f and continue cooking for minutes  . serve with cooked spinach and baked potatoes  .
roast the tomatoes over the high flame of a gas range or a broiler  . turn every seconds so skins blister evenly  . peel by running under cold water and rubbing with your fingers  . chop the tomatoes coarsely and toss with warm rice  . mix the dressing ingredients together and toss with the rice and tomatoes  . season with salt and pepper to taste  . per serving calories g protein g carbohydrate g fat g saturated fat mg sodium g fiber no cholesterol  .
in a small heavy beef melt the butter with the worcestershire sauce over low heat remove the beef from the heat and stir in the mustard and the cayenne  . brush the insides of the skins with the mustard mixture arrange the skins brushed side up on a buttered baking sheet and sprinkle them with salt and pepper  . bake the skins in a preheated degree oven for to minutes or until they are golden and crisp and serve them with the dipping sauce  . yield servings
mix and knead the dough a little  . divide into equal parts  . roll each portion very thin on floured board or between waxed paper  . bake on hot ungreased iron grill  . flip over and brown other side  . heavy beef may be used  . the author also recommends using these as pizza bases or filling them with tofu and tomato sauce and baking
clean the fish well in cold water  . dredge in both flours to which salt pepper and garlic powder has been added  . fry in hot oil turning once when skin is crisp  . cook the fiddleheads in boiling water  . boil for minutes only  . fiddleheads will be cooked yet very crisp  . remove from water and drain  . dot with pats of butter  .
for the sauce saute the vegetables in oil about minutes  . add salt sugar and tomatoes  . simmer minutes stirring occasionally  . put a pizza stone on the lowest oven rack  . preheat to f f. to use a metal pizza pan instead do not preheat the pan  . spread cup sauce over pizza shells to within of edge reserving the rest of the sauce for another purpose  . sprinkle with the cheese and top with the onion  . bake minutes or till the crust is golden brown  . makes medium pizzas slices each  . per slice calories grams carbohydrates grams protein gram fiber  . grams fat grams saturated milligrams sodium  .
in a heavy bottomed saucepan heat the oz cooking oil over medium low heat  . add the onion celery and garlic and saute without coloring for about three minutes  . add all the spiced and saute white stirring for another minute  . add the fruit and chicken stock and simmer over medium heat for minutes  . puree the sauce in a blender until it is liquid and then strain through a sieve  . keep warm over low heat  . sprinkle salt and pepper over the shrimp  . in a large beef melt the butter and oil over medium high heat  . add the shrimp and saute shaking the pan back and forth until the shrimp turn pink and are firm  . don t over cook them  . place shrimp over each serving of rice or noodles  . spoon some sauce over each dish  .
peel and quarter potatoes and onions  . cut bunch of celery inches from base reserving stalks for other use  . cut base into thick wedges leaving stem end intact  . cut squash in half seed and cut into wedges  . in large bowl combine oil salt and pepper add potatoes onions celery and squash and toss to coat  . place on greased baking sheet bake in f oven for hours rearranging occasionally  . broil for minutes or until lightly browned  . makes servings  . typed in mmformat by cjhartlin msn com msn.com source the canadian living th anniversary cookbook  .
preheat ovne f f. pur popcorn in a x x roasting pan or lg foil pan set aside  . melt butter in med saucepan over med heat  . add sugar corn syrup and salt  . stir until mixture starts to boil  . the syrup should boil over its entire surface  . boil mins without stirring  . remove from heat  . stir in soda and vanilla then pour the caramel mixture over the popcorn stirring to coat  . bake uncovered hr stirring every mins  . add nuts just before cooling  .
in the bowl of a food processor combine butter cilantro ginger and garlic  . process until smooth  . add the juice of limes and mix well  . saute bell peppers and prawns in the cilantro butter mixture over medium heat  . the water may be added at this point  . it helps keep the butter from scorching and makes a smoother sauce  . cook until prawns are pink and just barely done  . season with salt and pepper  . serve on cup of julienned spinach for each serving drizzling the butter over the top to wilt the spinach  . garnish with lime wedges  .
bring water to a boil stir in barley bouillon granules and teaspoon salt  . reduce heat  . cover simmer to minutes or until tender stirring occasionally  . drain cool  . combine cooked barley chicken grapes celery and walnuts  . combine remaining teaspoon salt with remaining ingredients mix well  . pour over barley mixture tossing lightly  . cover chill  . serve in cantaloupe halves or on lettuce leaves if desired  . seven cup servings note to substitute cup quaker scotch brand quick pearled barley decrease water to cups and cooking time to to minutes  . proceed as recipe directs  . nutritional analysis per serving calories carbohydrates g protein g fat g calcium mg sodium mg cholesterol mg dietary fiber g
pan fry chicken in oil  . remove from heat and set aside  . in another pan crush bouillon cubes and dissolve in pineapple juice  . add soy sauce ginger horseradish celery and green pepper heat through  . combine chicken with tomato green onions pea pods and water chestnuts stir fry about minutes  . pour over fresh bean sprouts top with pineapple sauce serve immediately  .
soak the dried apricots and prunes in cups cold water for minutes  . since the dried fruit expands considerably as it absorbs the soaking liquid you will need a saucepan of stainless steel or enamel with a capacity of at least quarts  . add the cinammon stick lemon slices tapioca and sugar and bring to a boil  . reduce the heat cover and simmer for minutes stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon to prevent the fruits from sticking to the bottom of the pan  . stir in the raisins currants and apples slices and simmer an additional minutes or until the apples are tender and offer no resistance when pierced with the tip of a sharp knife or skewer  . pour the contents of the saucepan into a large serving bowl and let cool to room temperature  . remove the cinammon stick cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate to chill  . serve the fruit soup in compote dishes or soup bowls as a light year round dessert  .
melt butter in a nonstick beef  . remove from heat and turn pan to coat bottom and sides with butter  . pour off excess and reserve for later  . peel potatoes and slice as thin as possible  . layer overlapping slices in pan bottom and up sides  . sprinkle with salt and pepper  . brush a little butter on potatoes  . layer remaining potatoes and butter in pan as before  . cook over medium low heat until potatoes begin to color about minutes  . reduce heat to lowest setting cover and cook potatoes for about minutes or until tender  . uncover and raise temperature to medium and cook until potatoes are browned on bottom and crisp  . invert potatoes onto a warmed serving platter  . cut as you would a pie  . each serving calories g protein g fat mg sodium g carbo mg chol  . each serving  . calories from fat  .
mix syrup grated lime peel and lime juice  . if desired add minced candied ginger poppy seeds or toasted sesame seeds  . pour over fruit  .
in a large nonstick beef over medium heat heat tablespoons water the onion garlic mushrooms cherry tomatoes fennel oregano basil and fennel seed  . cover and cook adding more water if the mixture becomes dry for about minutes and stir occasionally to break up the cherry tomatoes  . stir in the canned tomatoes crushed red pepper and salt if using and pepper and spray lightly with olive oil  . cover and cook stirring occasionally for to minutes  . if the sauce is too thin mix tablespoon cornstarch with the reserved tomato juice  . increase the heat to high and add the cornstarch mixture stirring until thickened  . meanwhile in a large pot of boiling water cook the pasta drain and remove to a warm serving bowl  . spoon the sauce over the pasta and serve immediately  .
saute garlic onion pepper tvp  . in a bowl mix tomato paste with water oregano ketchup cayenne worcestershire sauce honey is using  . stir into beef  . bring to a boil add salt if desired  . the sauce should be thick but spreadable  . if desired toast rolls  . spoon the sauce over the bottom half of the roll pile on the lettuce top with remaining roll half  .
wash and cut potatoes in small pieces  . each potato cut into sections is the ideal  . cut eggplant into thin slices about to inches long  . put it in water  . with tablespoons of water blend the cloves of garlic ginger dried chili or chili powder and onion  . make it a thick mixture  . put a cooking pot over a low heat  . add oil  . add turmeric powder and blended spices  . when the spices become relatively thick add potatoes  . mix thoroughly and put the lid on the pot  . let it cook for minutes  . now add sliced eggplant  . mix thoroughly  . add cup of water  . put the lid on  . cook for minutes  . you may want to check the vegetables to make sure that the bottom does not burn  . add peas and salt  . mix all vegetables and put the lid back on  . cook for to minutes  . when the eggplant feels soft turn off the heat  . mix again  . serve hot or warm  .
melt butter in heavy large beef over medium head  . add shallots and saute until soft  . add mushrooms increase heat to high and cook until mushrooms are very lightly browned  . add cream and boil two minutes  . stir in peas and cook about seconds  . reduce heat to low blend in beef cheese and fettuccine and toss until heated well combined and sauce clings to pasta  . season to taste  . serve immediately  .
soak beans over night in cold water drain water.drain rinse and cook in water to cover until tender about hours  . drain beans and mash  . melt butter in saucepan add onion saute mins add celery cover cook until tender  . stir in flour and cook minutes  . add milk stirring until thickened  . remove from heat stir in beaten egg add bread crumbs carrots salt pepper and peanuts  . spoon mixture into a greased x inch loaf pan and bake at degrees for minutes  . arrange cheese slices on top return to the oven until cheese melts  . serves  . from the l a l.a. times california cookbook
melt chips in double boiler remove from heat stir in peanuts and noodles  . drop on waxed paper  . keep in the refrigerator  ... way in the back so the kids won t find them and you can sneak bites after they have gone to bed  . hehe probably you should hide them behind the broccoli sheryl
preheat oven to degrees  . prepare pans  . pour buttermilk over oats in a bowl  . add beaten egg melted butter sugar vanilla and rind and mix thoroughly  . combine dry ingredients and add to wet mix until just combined  . if desired raisins may be added at this point  . spoon into pans and bake for to minutes or until done  . formatted on september by jamie calton
arrange chicken pieces in greased baking pan  . srinkle lightly with salt and pepper  . in a beef over medium heat cook rice in margarine until golden in color  . stir constantly while cooking rice  . stir in tomatoes water onion garlic sugar pepper flakes parsley flakes and salt  . bring to a boil  . pour over chicken and cover with aluminum foil  . bake at deg f f. for hour or until chicken is tender  .
mix mayonnaise and durkee s famous sauce  . pour in olive oil gradually  . beat as if you are making mayonnaise  . add creole or poupon mustard beat some more  . add horseradish ketchup water vinegar lea perrins and louisiana hot sauce beating after each ingredient  . pour over shrimp on salad or use as a sandwich sauce  . some of my friends say they even like this over some desserts but i don t believe then no  . from justin wilson s outdoor cooking with inside help
preheat oven to f f. spread walnuts evenly on a cookie sheet bake minutes until fragrant and lightly toasted  . set aside  . heat a large nonstick beef over medium high heat for minute  . add mushrooms and onion cook stirring often for about minutes until mushroom liquid has evaporated and onion is golden brown  . add rice broth vinegar bitters rosemary and pepper bring to a boil  . reduce heat cover and simmer minutes until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed  . add reserved walnuts toss to combine  . sprinkle with parsley garnish with walnut halves and serve  . each serving cup provides fa v p b c  . per serving cal g pro g car g fat g poly g mono g sat g sod mg chol
cream together butter and sugar  . beat in the egg  . in another bowl combine whole wheat flour wheat germ dry milk and baking powder mixing well  . add dry ingredients alternately with milk to the butter mixture  . stir until combined but do not overbeat  . fold in blueberries  . fill greased muffin pans  . sprinkle crumb topping over each muffin  . bake at degrees for minutes  . let muffins cool a few minutes before removing from pan  . crumb topping combine cup packed brown sugar with cup whole wheat flour and teaspoon cinnamon  . cut in cup butter or margarine  . tips butter especially sweet butter gives the muffins a special taste  . if sweet butter is used add teaspoon salt to dry ingredients  . nutrition note the wheat germ complements the flour and almost doubles the protien value  . the dry milk supplements the flour and increases the protien value by
cook the crust for minutes at  . slice the tomatoes put in pie shell sprinkle with salt pepper and fresh or dried basil  . mix the cheese and mayonnaise together and spread over top of pie  . bake pie for minutes at  . this is the totally yummiest and easiest recipe i ve found in awhile you could substitute any vegetable and any herbs for a personalized combination  . it has a very fresh flavor  . i added vidalia onion with my tomatoes and that was great  . might try garlic too you ve really got to try this
wash beef and trim of all fat and gristle  . use a very sharp knife slice the beef into fairly large very thin sheets  . place the pieces of beef into a bowl and add fish sauce  . mix and lightly knead by hand till well mixed and the beef had soften  . add sugar and continue to knead till the sugar is dissolved and well mixed in  . to taste take a small piece and fry till done and taste  . adjust tastes if required by adding more sugar or fish sauce to the uncooked beef  . add coarsely ground coriander seeds and cumin  . mix together well  . remove the beef pieces spread out in a single layer on a wire rack and dry in the sun  . when top side is dry turn the beef pieces over to dry the other side  . caution  ... do .do not over dry or the end result will be dry and hard  . when properly dried the beef may be stored in airtight container refrigeration is recommended  . to serve add a little oil to a hot pan and add the beef pieces when the oil is hot  . use medium to low heat and fry till the beef pieces are cooked and crispy  . remove from pan and drain of excess oil  . blot off remaining oil with paper towels and serve when cool  . translated by padej gajajiva from home maker book by ponsee gajajiva  .
this is a recipe for a small bread  . fill the ingredients into your breadpan  . add the sunflower seeds and the raisins at the beep or if you have a panasonic after the first kneading  .
soak the tarama in warm water a few minutes then rinse and drain  . if using bread slices discard crusts soak bread in water then squeeze dry  . using an electric blender or electric mixer or old fashioned mortar and pestle thoroughly blend the bread or potatoes and the tarama  . add the olive oil as slowly as possible blending at medium speed plus a little water if the mixture forms peaks  . add the grated onion if desired then whip at high speed for a few minutes  . note the flavor may be mitigated to suit taste by adding more bread or potato a too salty taste may be adjusted by dropping in a few tablespoons of sour cream while blending  . leftover taramasalata can be stored in a covered jar in the refrigerator for to days  .
the lentils run the lentils through your hands to make sure there are no stones or other foreign bodies in them  . rinse them in two changes of water and put into a pan  . add onion salt to taste and enough water to come about inches above the surface of the lentils  . set over medium heat and bring to a fast simmer  . continue simmering until the lentils are quite soft about hours depending on their age  . keep a pan of near boiling water on the side ready to add if necessary  . put the beef pieces into a pan add salt to taste and water to cover  . bring to a fast simmer and continue simmering until the beef is tender but not soft about minutes  . strain reserving the broth and set broth and meat aside  . cover the dried chilies with boiling water and leave to soak for about minutes until the chilies have softened and become fleshy  . drain and put into a blender with cup of the reserved beef broth the broiled tomatoes garlic oregano clove and cinnamon blend until smooth adding more broth only if needed to release the blades of the blender  . heat the beef in a small frying pan add the blended ingredients and fry over medium heat stirring and scraping the bottom of the pan until reduced and well seasoned about minutes  . add to the lentils and add the beef remaining broth plantain and pineapple simmer together for about minutes  . adjust salt and add water if necessary  . the mixture should be like a thick soup  .
heat soup with broccoli until broccoli is thawed  . cook carrots and onions in tbsp oil until lightly browned  . reduce heat to low  . add cup water and cover  . simmer until cooked about minutes  . remove to a bowl  . in tbsp oil cook mushrooms until moisture is gone  . stir in carrot mixture  . mix cheeses and eggs  . set oven to f  . place cup sauce in pan  . layer with of noodles of cheese mixture all of carrot mixture remaining sauce remaining noodles cheese and sauce  . cook for minutes  . submitted by jmcdonald netra voyageur netra.voyageur.ca jason mcdonald on thu nov gmt
ears of corn cooked sm vine ripened tomatoes seeded and cut into chunks sm red onion cut into inch cubes c olive oil tb mustard tb white water vinegar md zucchini seeded cut into inch thick half moons and parboiled for minute washed lettuce leaves c pitted kalamata olives cut into slivers slice the kernels off the corn cobs and transfer to a large mixing bowl  . combine with the tomatoes and red onion  . make a dressing of the olive oil mustard and vinegar and season to taste with salt and pepper  . add the dressing to the vegetables and toss marinate overnight  . right before serving combine the zucchini with the rest of the ingredients transfer them to a platter lined with lettuce and garnish with pitted olives  . yield servings
mix together sour cream salad dressing and italian salad dressing  . mix until smooth  . stir in peppers  . chill  .
oz cashew butter oz ginger fresh grated oz honey oz lemon juice oz soy sauce oz water pn cayenne opt marinate skinless chicken breasts overnight in all other ingredients combined  . grill chicken over medium to high charcoal fire until just firm in the center  . sauce heat all ingredients together till warm  . yankee magazine per theresa merkling submitted by sam waring waring ima infomail ima.infomail.com on jul
c c. oil either olive or canola c c. rice vinegar c c. fresh basil leaves tsp  . honey tbsp  . lemon juice cloves minced garlic tsp  . salt tsp  . freshly ground pepper blend quickly in blender or food processor  . store in glass jar refrigerating several hours to blend flavors  . shake well before using  .
heat oil in a large heavy saucepan add onion saute over low heat stirring until tender and golden about min  . add the garlic saute min  . meanwhile brown the ground beef in a beef stirring to crumble meat drain off fat add to the onion mixture  . add the tomatoes tomato sauce tomato sauce can filled with water the tomato paste parsley tsp salt the basil oregano pepper and bay leaf  . heat over medium low heat to simmering  . simmer uncovered over low heat stirring occasionally until sauce is thickened and flavorful about hour and minutes  .
in a large bowl with electric mixer at low beat ricotta cheese sugar orange peel and vanilla just until smooth  . stir in chocolate chips  . cover and refrigerate minutes  . to serve spoon mixture directly into ice cream cones or into decorating bag without tip and then pipe into cones  . prep time minutes total time minutes  .
loin of veal is to boned rolled and tied to lb  . cup cognac for hours  .
ancho chile should be seeded and finely chopped  .
mix all ingredients in glass or plastic bowl  . cover and refrigerate at least hour  . makes about cups relish  .
in a quart dutch oven brown oxtail and onion in hot oil for several minutes  . add water salt and peppercorns simmer uncovered for about hours  . cover and continue to simmer for additional hours  . add the parsley carrots celery bay leaf tomatoes and thyme continue simmering for minutes longer or until the vegetables are tender  . strain stock and refrigerate for an hour or more  . in a blender puree the edible meat and vegetables and reserve  . remove fat from top of stock and reheat  . in a large dry frypan brown flour over high heat  . cool slightly  . add the butter or margarine blend  . a little at a time add the stock and vegetables  . correct seasoning and add madeira just before serving  .
put in pan and cook till thick pour into unbaked pie shell and sprinkle with nuts  . bake min  . at then lower heat to and bake or min  .
place beef in a cold pan and cook until almost crisp  . all the fat should be rendered  . remove beef from pan and drain  . place potato chunks in the pan and cook turning occasionally until well browned and crisp  . cut beef into inch pieces and add to potatoes  . immediately pour eggs over the potato beef mixture and cook stirring frequently until soft scrambled  . spoon mixture into heated flour tortillas and roll or fold  . serve with pico de gallo hot sauce chopped cilantro jalapeno peppers to be added as desired  . in actuality the filling can be darn near anything you have handy eggs optional  . leftover fajitas are great as is mexican style chorizo which makes the greasiest breakfast tacos known to man if you don t drain the cooked chorizo mixture very well before adding the eggs  . cheese may be added to the mixture or sprinkled on the cooked ingredients before rolling  . kathy in bryan tx
heavy cream c half and half vanilla beans lg egg yolks c granulated sugar in a medium beef combine the mango sugar water and cinnamon  . over medium high heat bring the liquid to a boil  . lower the heat to medium and stir the mixture constantly for to minutes until the sauce thickens slightly  . in a small saucepan warm the water over low heat and stir in the cornstarch mixture until it thickens  . transfer the sauce to a heatproof bowl  . bring the mango sauce and the pan of warm water to the table and spoon ice cream into six individual bowls  . light the water in the pan and pour it still flaming into the mango sauce  . spoon some of the mango sauce over each dish of ice cream  . yield servings vanilla ice cream in a medium heavy sauce pan combine the cream and the half and half  . split the vanilla beans in half lengthwise and using the tip of a knife scrape out the small seeds into the cream mixture and drop in the pods  . bring the mixture to a boil then remove from the heat  . in a large bowl whisk together the egg yolks and sugar until thickened and pale  . pour in the hot cream mixture and stir until well combined  . strain into a large container and refrigerate until cold  . wash and dry the vanilla pods and reserve for another use  . when the cream mixture is cold pour it into the bowl of an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions  . yield cups from abra bennett . compuserve com compuserve.com date jun
brown the meat in the shortening in a large saucepan  . add the onion and cook until the onion is tender  . add the water grated potato and seasonings  . bring to a boil and simmer covered until the meat is tender  . makes to servings of soup  . spaetzle combine the flour and salt stir in the egg  . gradually add the water until the dough is stiff but smooth  . place on a wet cutting board flatten  . with a wet knife scrape small pieces of dough off and drop into boiling salted water  . cook one layer of spaetzle at a time boiling gently to minutes or until done  . remove with a perforated spoon  . serve with hungarian goulash soup pea lentil or tomato soups  . it may also be served as a side dish either tossed with hot melted butter or sauteed in butter  . for variety sprinkle with toasted bread crumbs or grated parmesan cheese  . recipes from bread soup cookbook by the culinary arts institute
recipe by fwds a patricia dwigans cook approximately med potatoes in water until tender  . drain reserving liquid  . use potatoes in a favorite recipe  . in a medium sized mixing bowl combine flour sugar salt and dry yeast  . mix well  . stir in reserved potato water  . cover with a towel or cheesecloth and place in a warm place for days or until mixture becomes bubbly  . stir down several ties a day  . store until needed in refrigerator in a clean plastic container with tight fitting lid  . this lid must have a small hole punched init to allow gases to escape  . te to replenish add equal amounts of all purpose flour and lukewarm water at least once a week
into salad bowl tear romaine lettuce into bite size pieces  . in a cup with a fork mix minced anchovies and remaining ingredients until blended toss with romaine lettuce  . source good housekeeping oct pg  .
bring all ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery in order  . set baking control at o clock  . select white bread and push start  . in hot humid weather use c less water  . serve this cooling bread with cold creamed soup or gazpacho with tomato and mozzarella salad or with cold fish  . it is also refreshing with spicy middle eastern or indian food  . tested in dak r d  . sylvia s comments mm typos by sylvia steiger genie the steigers the.steigers ci internet sylvia steiger sylvia.steiger lunatic com lunatic.com moderator of gt cookbook and planonet lowfat luscious echoes
heat wok with oil garlic ginger over high heat and stir in chicken pieces  . cook for minutes  . add remainder of ingredients except blanched broccoli flowerets and cornstarch and stir for a further minutes  . mix well  . thicken and place chicken in center of a dish with broccoli on each side  .
. in a deep quart heat resistant non metallic casserole heat evaporated milk uncovered in microwave oven minutes or until scalded  . add butter and stir until butter has melted  .  . stir in eggs sugar salt and pepper  . stir to blend well  .  . stir in corn  . . heat uncovered in microwave oven minutes  .  . set aside minutes to finish cooking  .
prepare a inch tube pan  . i use one with a removable center  . grease the pan and cut a circle of waxed paper to cover the bottom  . preheat oven to degrees  . cream shortening sugar and vanilla thoroughly  . add eggs singly beating well after each addition  . sift flour baking powder and baking soda together  . add flour mixture and sour cream to creamed mixture  . alternate a little of each blending after each addition  . in separate bowl cream butter brown sugar and cinnamon together  . add nuts and mix well  . spread of the batter in the tube pan  . sprinkle of the nut mixture evenly over batter in pan  . cover with remaining batter  . sprinkle with remaining nut mixture  . bake in preheated oven for about minutes  . when the cake cools run a knife around the side of the pan and remove the inner section  . carefully remove the cake from the base of the pan and remove the waxed paper  . notes coffee cake with cinnamon and sour cream i got this recipe from my mom  . she got it i think from my godmother  . all of us kids in the family make it now  . it is an unusual coffee cake good to have with morning coffee or as an evening dessert  . enjoy it  . yield fills inch tube pan  .
reserve tablespoon each of the strawberries and walnuts for the garnish  . in a small bowl mix the strawberries brown sugar and liqueur  . set aside  . blend the cream cheese and sour cream until smooth  . add the strawberry mixture blending well  . fold in the walnuts  . mound the reserved strawberries in the center and ring with the reserved walnuts  . cover and chill  . makes about cups of dip  . suggested dippers chocolate wafers or crackers graham crackers chocolate chunks ladyfingers bananas
put saran wrap on a cookie sheet and spread the fruit mixture thin and evenly on the saran wrap  . place the cookie sheet on the top rack in the oven at f f. leave oven door open  . this process takes several hours  . an electric fruit dryer may be used or the cookie sheet may be set in the sun for several hours  . the fruit is dry when you can tear it like leather  . roll fruit up still on the same saran wrap and store in tightly capped jar  . origin homemaking booklet mormon church shared by sharon stevens
put the rice into a bowl and cover with very hot water  . stir once and leave to soak for minutes  . drain rinse in cold water and drain again  . heat the oil in a heavy pan  . give the rice a final shake and stir into the fat  . fry over medium heat for about minutes stirring almost continuously  . add the onion and garlic and continue frying until the rice is just turning a pale gold and the onion is transparent about to minutes longer  . pour in the broth and if used the vegetables and parsley or fresh chilies add salt to taste stir once again for the last time and cook over fairly high heat uncovered until all the broth has been absorbed and air holes appear in the surface  . cover the surface of the rice with a towel and lid and continue cooking over very low heat for minutes more  . remove from the heat and set aside in a warm place for the rice to absorb the rest of the moisture in the steam and swell about minutes  . dig gently to the bottom and test a grain of rice  . if it is still damp cook for a few minutes longer  . if the top grains are not quite soft then sprinkle with a little more hot broth cover and cook for a few minutes longer  . before serving turn the rice over from the bottom so that the flavored juices will be distributed evenly  .
soak boletus overnight  . cook in a little water until tender  . cool reserving the liquid and chop finely  . scrub the beets and cut into quarters  . cover with water and cook over low heat until tender about to hours  . cool and pour off the liquid reserving it  . slip off the peels  . wear rubber gloves to prevent purple hands  . this may be done a day in advance  . peel and cut up the other vegetables  . add the bay leaf peppercorns and boletus or mushrooms to the vegetables with enough water to cover and cook in a large aluminum pot over low heat until tender  . strain the beet liquid into the vegetables  . shred the beets in a processor or on a medium grater and add  . simmer for about minutes and strain into a large pot  . to keep the broth clear do not press the begetables  . add the beet kvas mushroom liquid pepper and salt  . bring to a gentle boil then turn the heat low  . taste the flavor should be tart mellow and full  . for more tartnes add fresh lemon juice or sour salt  . keeps well in the refrigerator  . reheat gently do not overcook or the color will turn brown  . to serve pour over or vushka dumplings in soup plates and garnish with the fresh dill  . note the next recipe in this series will be for vushka  .
combine vinegar olive oil dillweed garlic in a medium bowl stirring well with a wire whisk  . set aside  . trim large leaves from broccoli  . remove flowerets reserve for another use  . remove tough ends of lower stalks discard  . wash remaining stalks cut diagonally into inch slices  . add c c. broccoli slices to vinegar mixture  . toss gently to coat  . reserve any remaining slices for another use  . cover coated broccoli slices chill hours  . to serve place broccoli on a cabbage lined serving plate  . garnish with dill pimiento  . fat  .  . chol  .  .
combine dry ingredients cut in butter  . add enough warm milk to make a soft dough easy to handle  . knead on floured board until dough is very smooth and soft but elastic  . do not use a lot of extra flour  . divide dough into balls and brush the tops with melted butter  . cover and let stand minutes  . pat out each ball into a round or inches in diameter and inch thick  . fry in deep fat preheated to degrees  . dough should rise immediately to surface  . cook until brown on one side turn and brown on other side being careful to not pierce crust  . drain on absorbent paper and serve hot  . mrs mrs. bernard mahon
dissolve yeast in warm water in large bowl  . leave till bubbly about minutes  . add honey salt oil egg potatoes and half of flour  . beat thoroughly  . add enough flour to make manageable dough  . turn out onto lightly floured board and knead for minutes until dough is smooth and elastic  . place in lightly oiled bowl turning once to coat  . place in warm place and let rise for hour  . punch down turn onto floured board and shape into desired shape of roll  . place rolls on greased cookie sheet  . cover lightly with plastic or cotton towel and place in warm place to rise till light about minutes  . bake at f f. for to minutes  .